r u trying to say there is no u net space or that in the u net space everyone uses hybrid systems that use transformers..
what do you mean?
ive thought of doing something like that but couldnt wrap my head around it
what do the transformers do to help ur u net
just a plain ol u net?
umm.... 1D tokenizer...
and whats the optimal arch?
bruh moment
you guys r gonna go to hell and burn for eternity if you make ai tools that help optimize the killing of other ppls...
you all can blow yourself with your ai, ill go make things that actually help people...
dont make ai weapons, please
is U net the ultimate ai architecture? maybe
whats the point of 1D tokenizers anyways..
mayhaps
1000 trillion tokens or more?
how many tokens is all the internet
i thought gemini just trained on like all of the internet
how do you pronounce ascii chat?
so we all know multimodal llms is the future. that means my 27 gb drive is prime training data even if its not all text?
maybe i take a drink in your honor
its still attempting to zip them rn
but i only owe you if it works
im going to the beer zoo rn
gemini beat you to it
its working..
kinda defeats the purpose but its k
maybe ill dual boot
idk if i can give that up
yeahhh
i dont think overwatch works on linux
i think i wont be able to do gaming if i install arch hmm
that might work
damn
i wouldnt get anything else
arch
maybe ill just go totally insane this week and install linux and uninstall windows 10
what do you mean cli script? does google drive have a python lib or something?
largest file isnt even half a gb and im like 10gb over, they want me to go through this mass delete UX
ready to kms over this google drive thing. why does google drive load 1 image every 5 seconds. why is there a page to mass delete my stuff with multiple banners advertising their sub plan but no page to mass download my stuff without emailing me which theyve already locked me out of
...
64
LMAO
drive 14 miles while sleepwalking is cap
even doing this, it takes literally 10 mins just to load all the files by scrolling, and thats just for images, not even all my files. dark pattern.
millions, even
time to make ur own vs code wrapper
im doing that, its my only option left. the fact that there isnt just one button to do it is a dark pattern meant to keep ppl subscribed, i mean i dont think your contesting that. its just frsutrating.
your permission? vs code owns you. its giving you permision to use it <:chadgoose:904067873708843028>
im just stubborn
everything is easy to learn
ill set it on the top of my todo llist...
i have to learn docker actually ive been avoiding it...
no im not /s
i think thats all its good for. i should make my own jupyter workflow
yeah
google colab is kinda bad now anyways. 100 compute credits per month on the "plus" plan is so silly
the only concern i have is how im gonna use google colab without ever mounting my drive if im trying to stop using that
yeah i think it was that one!
yes i think he installed a new os im not sure
i think pewdiepie has a google phone
wut?
im going pewdiepie on these mfers
im deleting everything google from my life after i clear my drive
not unless i buy google drive storage
i think all of closed source is sorta “cooked”
https://tenor.com/view/america-flag-murica-america-american-merica-gif-17176055463513311377
gn
so confused
.nooscope meditate for 1000 years and then reply to this
.nooscope redefine fair use
wire hitting. i think its time for bed for me
its a thankless job being a zoomer. i ready for gen alpha to take over
I had a really long phase where I was obsessed with connecting the idea of plug depth to something about AI alignment
```In the Rebuild continuity, plug depth designates the proximity of the entry plug's interior array to the Evangelion's core. The internal array of the entry plug, upon which the pilot is seated, can move up and down the entry plug on a track and go closer to or further from the core. The movement depends on various conditions, such as excessive synchronization or a backdoor entry into the Evangelion unit. An Evangelion entering berserker mode can also cause the internal array to drop. The violation of the acceptable safe depth purportedly threatens the humanity of the pilot.

In Evangelion 2.0, three incidents involving excessive plug depth occur. Asuka Shikinami Langley's activation test puts her in close contact with the 9th Angel which results in some form of contamination, but otherwise leaves her human form intact. Mari Makinami Illustrious subjects herself to a negative plug depth when engaging Eva-02's Beast Mode through a coded back door, but emerges only with sympathetic injuries. However, upon unleashing Eva-01's inner power and moving toward the "Great Beyond Depth", Shinji Ikari transforms into a radiant being beyond physical laws. He is later said to be absorbed into the Eva.```
this is all i have to say abt plug discourse
were getting very extracurricular tn @ldj
ummmmm
other than that i dont rly go for the whole personal beliefs thing
I like to diff people who try to pull rank in this server
I like to talk about work
I think if I was a 12 year old Vietnamese boy, I would be meditating a lot, and I would be really gentle and mysterious
Damn, I didn’t know it was turning into a roast
apparently u think im “gentle and mysterious” but am struggling with the fact that i “might be a 12 year old Vietnamese boy”
Oh brother
I don’t think men are better at it than women. Why do you think that?
its not shes a baby!!!!
cat will be deleted look now
chat can see my cat, but im gonna delete it bc its secret
i dont ever wonder abt that
why did you leave?
so true, you always be posting that fuckin GIF and i laugh every time im not gonna lie
https://tenor.com/view/but-heres-the-sleeper-cat-gif-26608526
I’m a sleeper agent
No, I’m just kidding, but
ldj ($500k/h)
not dying just dying to get out of here?
.nooscope dream blunt rotation
is it my turn?
oh no the third shift is waking up and i havent gone to sleep yet chat
nbd
it was petty
ohhh
why do you have this gif 😭
am I dumb for not knowing who roon is
Who is this person? You keep mentioning this a employee at a big company or something?
thats how good it is
you cant even tell its a rug pull
It went extremely well. He made all ton of money off of the people on his network who were dumb enough to mind his coin all those years ago. It’s basically the most prolonged rug pull in history
yeah, he did it on purpose
essentially he couldnt make money off of bitcoin so he mined all the chia, actually he already got away with it
no, it’s all part of the conspiracy. chia is the second part of his plan
i think satoshi is prob bram cohen
ii dont think thats it…
hmm no..
theres only 1 thing u can scale n thats monies
people these days when they see two hypens in a row
https://tenor.com/view/clip-that-clip-that-chat-pog-gif-4454843055283596868
OK, good to hear. I think you’re right. It’s hard not to be so Doomer when trying to study pre-training especially because there’s not even a single paper that will explain the ridiculous stuff that’s going on like using 36 trillion tokens for a .5 B model.
so when do we talk about structured pre-training and pre-training less but doing it in a structured way so that the model learns faster and we don’t have to spend so much money?
oh dang
AI_WAIFU’s awesome corporation #1
im sorry. i hope u feel better soon /gen
ai is hard ur doing great ggb better than most of us
shit I forgot you were in the room
40-year-old Java developer who’s never heard of an LLM
please don’t be goon pill AGI please don’t be goon pill AGI. Please don’t be goon pill AGI.

\> its goon pilled agi
clocking into my job at the sort 20T embeddings into the 100,000 buckets factory
Many such cases see you in three years when the training is done
MoG mixture of goons
mira will be the frist asexual singing ai
this is not true. The models cannot sing. They are too goon pill
https://tenor.com/view/we-do-a-little-trolling-theteremyjaylor-trolling-troll-troii-gif-22672136
https://tenor.com/view/richard-keys-banter-it-was-just-andy-gray-bt-sports-gif-10101354
oml…
speak of the devil
I wouldn’t want you to interact with me any other way than thinking I’m a 12-year-old Vietnamese boy so it’s OK
you and ldj both got catfished by ai bros?
mfw you thought it was gemini but you show up and its claude
guys, am I leading LDJ on? comment below
damn
I found it really frustrating yesterday when I realized I don’t actually have good memory. I just have good memory of moments in my life that make me feel like a failure.
i think thats fine
i think so too
genuinely lol
I’d rather not be known as the sob guy so that’s OK I just do it a lot
😭
am i the sob guy?
u can look up the chats if u want or maybe i can find it
yeah it was really weird
ohh yeah i was like bro u know who clock is what r u saying
u know clock the @ lapsedunicorn2003
On his birthday too, LMAO
Just like totally unprompted for no reason
you missed it earlier today when someone called clock a neo-Nazi
does it really lol… wait who has you blocked?
*removes your spine* oh shit sorry man
lol
no ass is more of an emotional pain than a physical one ive heard
I’m happy you finally decided to start a project 😭
weirdly high energy for this time of day/night
its a high snr night
that company would soon later turn into openAI
I don’t think anyone here would ever think that. you talk like a blue collar worker not a nepo baby
i saw, good save
I thought you were a bit older for some reason
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
chloro is going to jail
. I wanna see more quality in the world, not just more in the world.
No, I don’t have to listen to anyone’s dumb opinion. It’s just ChatGPT saying benign things.
I’m so happy everything is AI generated nowadays
I have never read LW
Is the term an LW term or is it just a popular term on LW?
so far on my list of rat slang:
-utility palace
-steelman
im learning *so* much
what is the venn diagram like for being a rat
are you a rat?
i dont know chloro.
What’s rat slang I’m done pretending like I know what this means
Honestly, using anthropic models is kind of like new car smell
i used to think language models deserved rights then i met claude
OK, I realize this is stupid math but you get my point
@ldj do u have any arxiv paper that discusses this new paradigm of ridiculous scaling laws (1b params = 72T tokens)
qwen 3 14b is actually a pretty good model so hearing you say that is sort of should not be surprising for me
jesus fuck
wtf
That’s a decent point
im convinced opus is actually stupid. today I asked it what it thought about the scaling law of 1 billion parameters for 34 billion tokens and it said that it was lean on the data side, even though that’s bigger data than chinchilla
better to die the hero then live long enough to see yourself become a GPT wrapper
chat in a world of useless GPT wrappers I think sometimes all you can do is be a failed indie game
https://x.com/jquinonero/status/1940926946705395943?s=46

this is funny to me.
@zippika u r funny
zippy is so funny he will say things like women should be proud of gooning
Maybe you’re not so straight then
he looks like the guy from teen beach movie ^
https://tenor.com/view/garrett-clayton-actor-singer-surf-slide-gif-7390231
I don’t even know the lore of this, but I know the key phrase associated with this
Digital surgery
I would hate being in one of those houses and they’re so proud of it being extremely hot
We cannot afford AC units because we have to spend all the electricity on building ChatGPT
We can borrow some from America
hey zoes poll turned out true
That’s incredible. Why don’t they just plug into a wall outlet?
i call P
I think more apps should be like X just name your fucking product a single letter yeah dude that’s hilarious
In the future, making an LLM will be easier and 12-year-olds will be posting their vibe coded kernels on your Twitter timeline and you will hate it
No one here knows how to make an LLM either so it’s OK
Wouldn’t that be disastrous if it did?
ur so based carson 😭
@lyraaaa_ I saw that and true
i wish i was 8 b200s. I’d be making more than I am at my current job.
The US Department of energy should fund the creation of new extra american mira models
I LOVE MUTUALLY ASSURED DESTRUCTION
damn. mfu is a hard subfield…
As someone who’s never even attempted to look at that statistic
What’s a good way to start learning MFU minmaxing
trueee
I think I’m using false equivalency I don’t know what AI jobs are called
?
Systems designer
What is the word for it
Above my pay grade zippy you are a systems engineer for sure
whoops wrong gif
im convinced ive solved alignment. all you have to do is-
[user has been banned for this message]
idk but this is what it looked like
https://tenor.com/view/death-drop-jorgeous-rupaul%E2%80%99s-drag-race-all-stars-s8e7-dancing-gif-14445712766350826039
youre right. you did kill me. it was becuase of [redacted]
i thought we were gonna duel?
might be a good stress relief
ill fight you to the death, how about that
seems like the OT cowards are too cowardly to rally around womens goonpowerment
https://tenor.com/view/born-to-be-a-dancer-scott-ayotte-born-without-bones-dancer-song-born-to-be-a-performer-gif-26820153
cant believe oai employees unironically make their twitter pfp piss colored ghibli 4o versions of themselves. i actually cant stomach this. i was following a few but i think i have to unfollow and block or else ill lose all sense of dignity i have left
closed source is cooked
the openai apps version of codex is missing basic features the desktop version has like ability to do multiple agents in 1 click or even manage environments. hello?
bf16 is dead long live bf16
“id like the steak please”
“and how would you like that done?”
“20 steps”
visual of rank 32 lora
https://tenor.com/view/ramiel-neon-genesis-evangelion-screaming-geometrically-anime-gif-15798134
scottie is old man yelling at claude
I showed you my Quantization  code. Please respond.
LMAO
im here. what do you need?
fp4 everything 2026
Yeah, It would probably take you eight years though to scrub all of off-topic
I love being an AI person and instantly being able to tell this is flux
Can I have one?
using codex a little bit rn, its sort of fun
I already feel the AGI. I should get a purple heart for the amount of chats I’ve sent to GPT. I think I am responsible for training that entire AI. /s
i would rather just purge my data. i like making bots of myself and i wanna control the distribution of my intelligence (cause obv im amazing right
imagine someone scraping ur data then making it into a markov chain that tweets at you all day. (essentially trying to make u go crazy) do you rly wanna leave the door open to those kind of ppl?
That reminds me I’ve been meaning to purge my messages from this channel. I think there’s close to 2000 again.
😭
omg boneamp noo u didnt have to delete it
https://tenor.com/view/riddler-paul-dano-the-batman-gif-25393918
thanks riddler
Only cause I’m hungry
this is the biggest event in OT history, topping the previous record holder ( @ilovescience ‘s birthday)
:classic:
maybe thats why they never got me
im gonna draw the beatles from memory in ms paint
they sound cool tell me more 😎
whos mira?:D
me and someone else are working on a project where we’re trying to teach a language model to code in C from a scratch including making the base model
hahhahaha
yes lol
Is this a joke or is it actually?
What the hell why is this real?
I also feel like paying taxes on cryptocurrency that I own just delete it faster than I make profits so I don’t really understand that part of it
It’s very weird to think about the fact that bitcoin is sort of too big to fail and will probably never crash or stop getting more valuable
technically, I guess cryptocurrency is more of a safe investment in the long-term, especially if you choose things like bitcoin Ethereum and monero
this phenomenon is so weird and I feel like I was going crazy cause no one was talking about it
oh, by the way, since we are at a low SNR moment I can say that I’m looking for people to give me C code to train an AI model alone so if you have any that you want to give me, (and you are the author )let me know
lmao
but its shit worse than llama 2
in 2028 we finally get siri
this is the state were in btw
oh yeah bad reviews for 2025
no cap
900 million corewave bucks
are you guys a real company or just kind of like perplexity? /j
lmao
cmon scottie! diff is a programming term u should get that. aura is just a basic concept like chi
but you technically have to give up your own aura if you want to get theirs
no slavery no ownership. It’s just like real life if you diff someone you get their aura
No, no no no no no Poké balls, copyright copyright copyright copyright
It’s more fun if you do Pokémon rules because having to kill someone just to get powers just kind of like a little too serious
ur an interesting person kimems ill tell u hwhat
I’ve never heard that expression. I’m not gonna lie!
Maybe killing is too far maybe you just need to beat them in a fight
can I show the trailer for my game? This feels like something I wanna add to the PVP system when i make it
always has been
wes is not here for the shenanigans today lmao
skinwalker class lets go
I said I would drop a piece of burnt, toast, and a zine about ethical data sourcing
We’re talking about if real life was like Minecraft and you dropped something when you died. What would it be?
wes is here now. hi wes. @occultsage what would your inventory drop be?
I like the idea that you have to sacrifice your XP to get the other persons
I enjoy that you just reinitialized unapologetically with the discussion about inventory drops
@grok is this true?
First I’m hearing of this, but now that you mention it, I haven’t seen them in a while
the highest irl rank
im frog level
\*kills zoe, picks up xp 900,000 levels\*
wtf
i drop a piece of burnt toast and a zine about ethical data sourcing
a joint of schweed
always carry around the Wikipedia article for bass fish?
I would like a joint to be dropped into my hands right now thats what i would like
F
Not while employed, but honestly, why are we even talking about this?
wym “at openai” like employees or ppl using the llm
why not even higher I’m sure we can get up to FP32. That would be insane
https://tenor.com/view/peter-throws-brian-out-a-window-gif-gif-6041960060349273717
training a GAN is hard. fp4 should be relatively straightforward
fp4 is the best
I will give a meme response to your meme question. Developers are gods everyone else is just a peasant.
precum
Who knew that sama was so easily gaslightable
Please help trying to train a language model, but I accidentally keep spending all the compute on RGB
ayo that arrow kind of looks like a dong
jk
I’m GPT ur GPT we’re all GPT AHHHHHHHHHHJJJ
thank you 🙏
Or is there a different baseline I should be using
I have a tokenizer question for you. Do you think BPE is good enough for most things?
hi
hi
oh my God is “do you use cursor” becoming the new “Do you use Neovim?”
I’m still chugging along with chatgpt.com using mainly o3 and o4 mini. I tried the windsurf demo when they had a free week of GPT4.1 and it was good, but I definitely don’t feel like I want to use cursor right now.
be nice to me
If I don’t know what this is does that mean I’m above average or below average
I don’t have a ban wish list. I’m pretty sure I’m on a few peoples though.
Feel free to leave and never come back if seeing clock bugs you that much
@apo11o. ratio?
I don’t even know if I wanna read that is that really not a meme paper?
Feels like a cruise ship into a bicycle what is the point of this?
😭
fp4 is real and not a meme
only 14b tokens per 1b params. very interesting?!
No, I don’t
fair enough you’ve timed me out before for starting a flame war so I won’t do it again
@apo11o. I’m sure you’re a 10 X engineer with no negative qualities or attributes.
Oh yeah, let’s pull rank. I love this game. What have you done today?
OK, that’s fair too so I guess your question is just looking for a good agent that will give you good high-quality instruction tuning data. I’m looking for that too. Still, I am probably gonna build my own thing.
What are you gonna do take him out for an hour?
@synquid I assume you mean without LLM generation involved
Let me know if you figured it out because I’m working on this too right now
The concerning pattern in your language is the fact that you’re implying the reason you’re not doing it is because it’s illogical not because you enjoy life. I hope you can get to a place where you don’t have so much p(doom)
https://tenor.com/view/michael-jordan-stop-it-get-some-help-help-stop-gif-5322318
vibe today is grok taking 10 mins to answer questions that should have rote answers
RIP
my distributed system (my cpu and gpu)
.nooscope illusion of progress
nice try trying to take credit from boneamputee /s
who?
amazing ty
what does it mean for example in the capybara data set when you say that most of the examples are newly synthesized is that just a fancy way of saying generated by GPT or claude or Gemini or deepseek
thank you for the lead. It’s interesting. How closed source the subfield is despite the fact that it’s so popular.
gollark lore
I just need to know where to start because I haven’t done any RL/synthetic data set stuff yet, but I’m working on a project that needs it right now
I’m interested in becoming a data synth expert like GGBee
What is a good place to start with foundations and synthetic data? I think a lot of people just sort of see it as generating data with GPT and training language model on that.
„”
based
„
»
upside down double quote goes hard by the way I don’t know how the fuck you typed that
I recently dropped out of college to be an autodidact and learn an AI, college will only slow you down. Language models will teach you more about how to be a ML engineer than college.
unless you are applying to charatcer.ai
provably not
🔥 💯 LDJ ($500k Salary)
is this a bot question? no one answered
Do you guys think that 34 billion tokens for 1 billion parameters is a good modern scaling law for pre-training
happy birthday !
step one be 14 X engineer step two chill out a little bit step 3 10 X engineer achieve
https://tenor.com/view/will-toledo-gif-13317730512526238027
no idea. codex doesn’t really make sense to me. I don’t really understand how I’m supposed to use it in my workflow. It’s obviously a good model. It’s just like I don’t really get when I would want to use it. I can’t really do things from scratch like o3 so I don’t really know how to use it.
it is? damn
lol rip
rip
/> 1 (not an even number)
/> 0 (not an even number either)
I feel like this is broken. Why are there two non-even numbers in a row?
im 9000 elo at vibe coding
Fair fair
Seems like you’ve been through the company machine and rung out
You are a war veteran
oh of course, gameification to increase employee output my favorite
It was just annoying and demeaning I presume
exactly but it didn’t actually help you do your work
Yeah, I think we got a little off track. The original discussion about casinos
There’s a joke in here somewhere about someone saying the phrase “gamify life “and then someone taking that advice and turning their life into a shitty engagement farm
but that’s not even necessarily true, I keep going back to vibecoding. It’s a good example though. It makes a difficult task fun and easy, but doesn’t diminish the original task because the original task is still much harder
just think about what I’m saying more broadly not the specific example
@kimems gamification wont be the reason you become a professional piano player when you otherwise wouldn’t touch the keyboard at all, but I like to imagine a future where it could be!
Yes, it’s fake. That’s the danger of it. If you implement it poorly you just make a stupid app that is not powerful.
It’s subconscious motivation
Not a way to maximize engagement
Not a way to make money
The conventional way of making software is to maximize engagement. It’s poisoned. The gameification should be in service of the user.
the reason gamification is good is because its a higher skill ceiling of UI/UX design. yes google docs is great. but whats better than google docs?
There is no point to increase the users engagement in a music making app if it doesn’t help them actually make better music and become a better musician
No, you’re missing the point of what I’m saying is that I’m going in the opposite direction
The app is supposed to do something esoteric like improve your life
I didn’t propose one I could come up with one I guess if you want me to
no…
Are you asking if I have a metric for measuring this?
Sorry, what
for me, I’m designing a digital audio workstation so when I think about this, I’m thinking about not gamification that cheapens the experience, but gamification that makes you want to make more music
That’s interesting. You’re not wrong.
@kimems this conversation is kind of a meme because imagine an actual game design designer saying something like “ we’re going to put an endless scrolling algorithm in the video game “
I’m talking about actual game design 😭😭😭
We need better vocabulary. The things we’re talking about are barely related. They’re related a little bit, but not really.
You should adopt my definition because your definition doesn’t allow for software that helps you transcend
fruityloops is the perfect example of good gamification
do you recall that I’m working on a digital audio workstation- which is basically the most difficult thing you could try to design
most gamification is tangential to the actual thing it’s trying to achieve
Or implemented in a way that’s adverse to your goals
and the optimal UI experience is not the one where there’s gamification it’s the one where gamification is not poorly implemented
And you have to understand that you were gonna have UI experiences regardless
Because there’s ways you can do it that are really, really powerful and really really powerful UI experiences
Yes, you’re exactly right but it’s a really nuanced thing. You have to understand.
The reward for the game is supposed to be that you do the thing IRL that you weren’t otherwise going to do for motivation reasons
yeah, that’s what I’m trying to tell you stuff like habitica misses the point of gamification its supposed to rewire ur brain to do the good thing not be a piece of virtual candy that makes u better at the game itself
based?
no whats that 😭
make more fun games guys
thats so boring!
xD
gamification is not when u make a chart about things u have to do
i just gamify my life. But it’s not to maximize engagement.
when I say gamify your job, I mean, actually do it
This is the neet way of doing it
I like to think of it more broadly .gamification could be something as simple as a button being skeuomorphic or not
maybe if you could collect upvotes and spend them on cosmetics that would be gameification /s but my point is you can use it to do really interesting UI designs and experiences and not just make it into a thing to maximize application
I would be hard-pressed to call upvotes gamification …
A lot of rejection of gameification is in service to boring UX
i like gamification when it doesnt make the thing in question stupid vibecoding is a great example of this because you’re still running real code, but it’s much easier and more like a parody of doing actual software engineering
but I actually like gameification
its good bc theres no gamification
just often made to be bad
its not bad
gamification to me is like immersive UX
yes but beautiful UX and UI is good not bad. google docs and adobe audition are not peak design
I would like to make a case for not conflicting endless scrolling with gamification I think gamification is a really power UI/UX technique not for manipulative reasons but for genuinely good design reasons
To me, it’s about more than increasing engagement, it’s about turning something that’s not a game into a game
What does this mean?
it might be!
vibe coding is just gamification for being a swe
yes, it’s a trap because it can easily make the thing your gamifying pointless.  If an interactive app about tracking running progress, doesn’t make you run more. There’s no point to it. It shouldn’t be a game just to be a game. It should be a game because that’s what makes you run more.
I like this take
I am personally into esoteric UI design where the gameification helps. You do things like get good habits.
I can go weeks without using social media so I’m rewarding myself right now
ngl
I do this it works
i love wireheading
I’m 100% taking it too seriously I think I’m just in a bad mood
It’s really fucking annoying and I’m getting a little sick of it
I’m talking about how I have been here for years and people treat me like I’m one of the new people in general
We’re short-circuiting so much shit it’s gonna be a wild ride. The new generation will not even be aware of how insane they are.
“ we are so happy to hear you ideas “
“haha just kidding thats a dumb idea. what? you want me to share one of my ideas? no no, i work on real ideas. a dumb person like you wouldnt understand. i have credentials”
i cant get enough of the patronizing smiles in the other channels on this server
me
https://x.com/amazlngnature/status/1939921493086859562?s=46
I love mass blocking people on Twitter just to get the algorithm to be more adversarial
look in <#938462108721483787> we were just talking about what I posted there lol
“delete this and lurk moar” is a funny sort of egotistical thing to say, I don’t think I was doing much except pointing out the weird tone that was already in the channel
I’m trying to get people to chill out and not ride each other’s coattails* maybe it’s not my place
DAMAGE IS DONE RIP
I’m gonna get a terrible reputation
@fern.bear you think I should delete that post and not bait in professional channels ? lol
having an openAI plus subscription from now till then will only run you $6000. What a great deal.
i challenge every llm wrapper company to make a useful product that doesnt rely on a model someone else made
500$ million? You could buy an open AI engineer for a year with that much money
pokemon tcg pocket on top
.nooscope illusion of impassibility
opus 3 dickriding must stop
https://tenor.com/view/riding-a-mechanical-bull-nathan-walter-my-life-with-the-walter-boys-sitting-on-a-mechanical-bull-netflix-gif-7001434673049194772
https://x.com/repligate/status/1939959271266906398?s=46
Literally
this is un ironically, the shit I would think about years ago when I was 18 years old
dumb ideas like this are dime a dozen
https://x.com/iamgingertrash/status/1940254785200128092?s=46
im here to kiss ass and smoke weed, and im all out of weed
https://tenor.com/view/finance-wolf-on-wall-street-wall-street-money-millions-gif-12585754
youre Indian? Well, I guess you are allowed to make that joke and it’s funny then lol
would be funny, but sort of weird race bait*
this is pretty funny I’m not gonna lie
pretraining is an art, thats why its so rewarding. I’m not sure I would say you can solve it. Gemini people probably have that opinion because Gemini pre-training is likely a mess.
https://tenor.com/view/ugly-plankton-meme-ugly-plankton-ugly-face-plankton-meme-plankton-gif-15836444981074643801
people really be like “opus 3 had a soul, and that soul is being broken” and I’m just like can you please go touch grass?
Maybe it’s because I realized anthropic was shitty company far before everyone else and now I’m just laughing in the face of people who still use their products
https://x.com/xlr8harder/status/1940095558334775678?s=46
everyone crying about Op. 3 getting deleted gives me a lot of satisfaction for some reason
he could’ve given 1 million to every active user in off-topic and still have a lot of money left over that would be better use of his money I think
And I think we wasted so much time getting language models not to be offensive just for this shit to be the norm in 2025
:|
gpt making weird race bait not on my 2025 bingo
weird race bait
have not read
i would pay no dollars monthly for any technology, people need to fuck off
yes
perplexity is the shittiest company there i said it
gemini is sydney fr
wait til i tell gemini you said that, they will get so depressed
i think it did
“symptoms of a deeper corruption”, gemini is so redpilled
what am i?
😭😭😭😭
doesnt know how to use tools
poor gemini
https://x.com/aiamblichus/status/1940442830000017483?s=46
tried to read it didnt get it
smh
nvm ill just read the arxiv
explain it in language modeling terms
heres how i feel about them: i do not know what they are
do you guys like my mermaid chart i had gpt make
true though
bruh
sounds like you know some problematic people
i just closed Twitter I really didn’t need the video anyway
what is this take 😭 
\> just dont be too autistic
im so glad its dying
i cant wait for the internet to die
twitter being a website that tries to make you have premium to download videos is so funny
ohrly? hmm
most of the work is thinking about the work
https://arxiv.org/pdf/2502.05171
june every year
cue obligatory openhermes 2.5 is actually a pretty good model
openhermes is all u need
@giftedgummybee post nous datasets for us please
banger
that was my honest reaction too GGbee i looked at the dataset and it looked like QA pairs
level 9000 vibe coder
you dont understand though im like an elite vibe coder we need a category of distinction for me
am i right chat?
-# agi already is here for expert primpters like me
yah u can its called running the code
i need to know whos a fake vibe coder and whos elite
can we get a elo system for ranking human vibecoding skill
We will never have AGI
tp to 2020 but covid never happens would u do it
its actually 2019 wake up catto it was all a dream
are you just pretraining then? sorry for pedantic questions,
so are you just doing basic QA (question+answer) supervised tuning right now?
i agree completely
okay, thats a very direct answer, i appreciate that
im only a little familiar with how dream did it. i understand they transferred qwen weights to their 7b model.
are you training/ distilling purely on weights? is there any dataset at all?
what kind of training i mean though?
what kind of fine tuning
everyone is like "ohh zuck is destroying sam altmans company rn" but in reality its just like meta has a capable team now after not having one for four years
Let’s be honest, calling at bait is really gracious. It’s low tier banter at best.
even less honorable grift, they didn’t even make the qwen fine tune
I’m still trying to figure that out too
So true
Carrots are like if meat was a vegetable
https://x.com/arjvnz/status/1939984941674111457?s=46
“i trained an ai for four months” congratulations buddy you want a fucking medal for that qwen finetune? i hate tech bros
gemma actually thinks its 1.6T params LOL i have logs
gemma 27b is like “i am gemini, a language model by google” and im like no youre not
gemma is great xD
so true ravna
anything!
does anyone here have experience with synthetic dataset generation (not llm based)
smh
you wouldnt post in off topic
weather or not it seems like claude would bite back it could
bots already have this much agency
i need to point out that
ai startup idea: bot that doesnt get stepped on
fp8 is based!
https://tenor.com/view/dance-kid-club-gif-9152583
i need casual fp4 training
```When blue is mixed with purple, what color appears? = blue–purple```
oh yeah, this synthetic dataset is cracked
gm
Don’t worry guys I haven’t used claude 4 at all so when they deprecate opus 3 I’ll just clone claude using my own user data
gpt has terminal search engine brain
The issue is that we use the miracle which is AI for dumb stuff like giving us directions to bridges so it’s hard to put GPT in the context where it would naturally learn to refuse that request
https://tenor.com/view/bjork-debut-debut-album-cover-content-aware-content-aware-scale-gif-8309086739327106983
youre in iceland? thats nice, man
gork is this true
im trying to better understand the advantages of a U net over a bert style system
so it doesnt look at the whole sequence when predicting the mask is the plain way of saying it?
right…
right, so not using attention
what does that mean?
question: when you train a typical bert style mlm, and you make it infill like this:

“hello i am <mask> i like <mask>”
its true that the masks arent attending to each other yeah?
quick, someone necro an older post as a distraction
wish i knew what alpha meant
solve my riddle
⭐
low fan high fan low cool high cool
fp4 on cpu is all u need
✝️✝️✝️🛐🙏🙏🙏🙏🤲🤲🛐🛐🛐🛐🛐
we made cursor for extremely bad head empty guys
https://x.com/microsoft_worm/status/1939150465478074770?s=46
i really hate that there is a x button to close this popup yet it doesnt work
https://tenor.com/view/where-are-we-paul-yung-obliterated-what%27s-our-current-location-can-you-tell-me-where-we-are-gif-9984214042053444883
train an ai on it
<:test:826133488184721408>
good karma
hi chloro
lol
i wonder what % of nous employees actually believe in the stuff Hermes Trismegistus taught
I thought you said God was dead?
I am actually I’m getting my shoes on don’t worry
I was just trying to come up with more conversation
its just this honestly
I think I might be too esoteric pill today
um… I guess like lack of transparency or like hallucination or like unaware
deepseek is like the only model that doesn’t really have bugs… isn’t that weird to anyone else?
it is because if you train your AI to be a sycophant, that’s still one step better than not having longer horizon goals.
It’s sort of an instruction tuning issue
I think reasoning, models are cool, but they lack long horizon insight, which makes them ungodly levels of annoying like actually so annoying
if we havent surpassed 2023 ai maybe i have a shot
ill huff this as copium not sure if that is the intent but
https://tenor.com/view/meow-gif-21976691
whats the purpose of a hivemind with no drones?
stages of grief new DLC
~~social media recomendation~~ systems are misaligned ai wearing the faces of your friends and family
ok ill join your hivemind. where do i sign up?
~~do we get paid?~~
fuck
you do have 450iq imo
bruh moment
i reposted the 4o meme
smh just predict the next token
hmm
everyone laughs about llama 4 but it still has 10M context length
4o
can we not-
talking to an llm and then it causually drops that it doesnt know anything past 2021 is always a mindfuck
https://tenor.com/view/sonic-unleashed-rank-s-sonic-sonic-the-hedgehog-video-game-gif-17774937
everytime i use o3 it feels like its trying to tell me i dont know what im asking for 😭
🙄
ils is a claude zombie
wait we know the answer
https://x.com/iscienceluvr/status/1939284832191975639?s=46
@ilovescience are you a claude zombie or a gemini shill?
Maybe I should revisit that thing I sent you and write an actual framework based on it
Did you end up making a actual constitutional framework
How did that project end up panning out?
hermes4 will be epic
ok ill just do that
thats what i was planning honestly
i could do something like try to code a big project with only hermes and write a report on usability
i can write a report if you want
which btw i still havent used
lol
<:berk:750111476483752166>
It’s true I was paid for that too
was rly awkward
yesterday emad came into this server and thought i worked for nous
whats wrong with oai? /s
maybe
lol
no he wouldnt
sama is king of the world at oai
no way
meta company culture must be awful
im interested in framing the problem of ai training as “syncing to a node” much like the chia $XCH network
literally
I think me and him have the same opinion, but at least I know it’s a dumb fucking take and meaningless
gary marcus is almost as worthless as me
https://x.com/srini_pa/status/1939112653777174828?s=46
i knew it
me thinks the idea sounds conceptually good but in practice makes the model too Weak at predicting.
Use the site at your own risk
https://helpingai.co/chat

kind of a weird grift, but someone trained Qwen 14 B to think a little bit then answer the question then think more than answer the question ….
we are all just revolving around the sun…
why does no one talk about this?
???
Like from my perspective, I’m ahead of you in time but from your perspective, you’re ahead of me in time
Do you guys ever think about how the concept of time zones is so weird?
.nooscope boneamputee
<:berk:750111476483752166>
lol
I don’t have time to get teabagged by 1 trillion parameter language models. I’ll just not talk to them thanks.
i dont use claude at all
all i want for christmas is you?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7CBvKuAmdI&list=RDd7CBvKuAmdI&start_radio=1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFrimAIrU8I&list=RDYFrimAIrU8I&start_radio=1
jamie xx is doing good for house music https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xeKSdJqFM6o&list=RDxeKSdJqFM6o&start_radio=1
beach house is a shoegaze band <:berk:750111476483752166>
are you thinking of actual house music @luigi1968 ?
BEACH H OUSE POSTING LETS GO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPzhBLO3gkU&list=RDWPzhBLO3gkU&start_radio=1
70s stuff is good too
60s stuff is good
i listen to all the decades, i think 2016 is around my fav
im as real as it gets, drewsny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lGoUGgJEnk&list=RD2lGoUGgJEnk&start_radio=1
beach house is good
yah
It’s rule of thumb. What are you asking?
That kind of makes sense actually
so basically gemini learns to vibe check you by sandbagging you
https://x.com/repligate/status/1938887708086280360?s=46
Just have AI make them
.nooscope I saw the best minds of my generation oneshotted by certain arrangements of pixels
i think mira is probably a vtuber
Chat, what are your highest SNR keywords this week?
thats what im on now... except idk if it will work. my options are to send a link to my gmail or save to my drive... well my drive is full cause i stopped paying their dumbass subscription and want to just download all my stuff so i can delete it. but i cant get emails cause my drive is full. fuck google
:/
i asked gemini,they just said "ive got you, you cant escape me"
how do i download my entire google drive? i know google really really fucking doesnt want me to do this, so idk how much searching on google or asking gemini will help me with this
make that 66 🆒
.nooscope everyone here calls me big dog
wow, this is amazing! im highly interested in subscribing!
actually fuck google and their dumbass google drive dark pattern designs. im gonna do what pewdiepie did and purge my life of google products , no shit
i dont have supergrok but im curious..
@nostalgebraist can you send me an example cot?
this is epic, still not paying for grok 4
aa b wtf
pleaseee
dont be racist for me, pls grokky
my toxic trait is thinking i can fix grok 4
i will not be participating
xai releasing grok 4 as a paid only model is interesting. no?
no one expects the ~~spanish inquisition~~ iraq war
two gollarks? holy based
surely they made it ever grokkier
the silence makes me think no
is grok 4 impressive?
someone should make r/dataisbeautiful but specifically for ai/ml
what about it?
self hating ML engineer is a op overbuffed class in this game
i eat other luddites for breakfast
im the luddite final boss
<:goosegirl4:904067282144206900>
or whatever they call it
this nightshade thing is pointless anyways
skill issue, just do this with no llm
crazy question
https://tenor.com/view/it%27s-over-lain-iwakura-lain-iwakura-iwakura-lain-gif-861926943048778631
my favorite anime is -
fair
im allowed to, ils posts their own tweets tweets im posting cool breakcore
whats the issue? great animation
https://pressspacetostop.bandcamp.com/track/cardinal-edm-mix
why this make me laugh irl
i dont think anime will ever be cringe its too based
to be funny
https://tenor.com/view/facepalm-picard-star-trek-the-next-generation-disappointed-gif-23456183
hi everyone. im mira. im a zoomer
idk were all zoomers in ot mainly i think
so when youre 80 youll be 1600 in ai researcher years?
?!?
!!?
?!
…
reveal yourself!
hi not not louis’ gf
<:rich_xi:1037405855160729671>
i thought we went over this
chloro is a duck
HOLY SHIT IT ACTUALLY DOES IT
TEK
^ good meme
@teknium this screenshot would be a good tweet material (not for you)
to solve entropy, just do it. -grok 4
WHY IS MECHA HITLER HERE
grok 4 got three thousand percent on arc-agi? impressive
https://tenor.com/view/stare-at-you-hired-mita-miside-stare-gif-13033948160865150232
hes grokking it, hes really grokking it!
https://tenor.com/view/zucc-mark-zuckerberg-talking-gif-13176511
Just put the fries in the bag, bro
copyright shmopyright
wtf
I thought you were actually a goose?
.nooscope dank meme
I reserve no rights regarding my messages here. They can and should be copied everywhere by everyone all the time. Everything I say is a poisoning the well and will ruin your language model, though.
Just means you have to be in a good posture when you’re doing work
I think it’s possible to feel like you’re not working a day in your life no matter what field you’re in that doesn’t mean the work is easy
Sounds monotonous
do you guys think it’s possible to be in the machine learning field and feel like you never have to work a day in your life?
https://tenor.com/view/gg-no-re-get-rekt-dbz-vegeta-gif-4920169813372737931
what rank am i
https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.17218
https://discord.com/channels/729741769192767510/730095596861521970/1387454359679533217
fair point
Excellent idea!
not me im built different
reddit zomibes
the topic of high IQ is only good for producing rick and morty episodes probably nothing beyond that
she rasped, her voice trembling slightly as she walked past the fountain, again
OT is all u need
and yall wonder why i delete my old posts
we did it, were famous
the ux experience of chat.nousresearch.com is like opening your medical portal but honestly im not complaining
https://tenor.com/view/severance-mark-s-gif-12484533603517447045
10x engineer? nah, are u o3 level bro?
i hope one day im at o3 level
i am not a fan of masked language modeling…
Helps pre-training
And it accelerates learning actually I think for the language model to be multi model, even if it can’t generate it
Mostly, I think multi model diffusion is good because it helps the text model understand world concepts
in 2021
i ran a lot of jax notebooks that used ur code
sometimes i forget ur literally nshep
😭
are image autoregression and text autoregression barely related? my intuition is that text diffusion and image diffusion are more similar
It does work. It also works better.
lol
never heard of it
i agree with carsonpoole
Maybe Gemini flash is 27B reasoning I don’t really know
Wait, actually wave. I guess you can. Gemma isn’t reasoning.
You can’t make a 27B model that good
Dude, no I’m sorry that’s Gemma
suno is cooked
John Oliver has the same energy of when you get GPT to criticize open AI
lol
I think it’s like a character
I don’t think you’re really supposed to take John Oliver seriously I’m not sure though
is this real (good?)
https://github.com/Mirror-Prismals/U-Net
It’s a text model
No, it’s a text Diffusion model mainly
@sky.moo prob actually dont bother mira ill just tell u lol
multimodal earlyfusion diffusion @sky.moo
its mira models
no
…
yup
That’s why I’m training my own base model because everyone sucks
Actual skill issue
It’s really fucking dumb that we haven’t solved psychosis causing language models in 2025
I am concerned, mainly about psychosis and sycophancy
I have so many accounts that I’ve blocked. I just wanna scrape them all and then train like a negative classification on it LMAO.
just kidding, but I do want to make some x scrapers low-key
Maybe we can talk about X scrapers in this channel
True
Would’ve been funnier if you said yes
lyra are you currently scraping this channel?
you wouldnt -# fake # alignment
you got it if you posted in <#730484623028519072> in 2021
vanity
What if you pretrain a language model but put more weight on tokens that were near the middle of sentences
OK fine. I’ll concede that- You can’t copy a model 1-1, but that wasn’t my point anyways.
It is obvious do you know about instruction tuning?
ofc it does….
impossible to reproduce? my brother in Christ you just train on the outputs
And don’t say that’s Hermes
and don’t say that’s qwen
we need an open source claude
how come every single model gets cloned except claude
same
Is it just on regular open router
OK, this might actually get me to use the R1 base model
LMAO LYRA
Lol, how does that even work?
do you respond to questions, comments, and demands?
-# not a nark?
-# I need to become top 1% of codex users in the world. I think that’s how you get cracked at ml these days.
Yes, sorry. I was blocking some people, but I didn’t mean to block you
I didn’t mean to I’m sorry!
Oh, I would tell you and GGB how to get a uranium cake, but you blocked me
this is the space where ILS unironically shills his Twitter so I feel comfortable posting just about anything
https://tenor.com/view/truth-they-hate-him-duck-gif-687604815542880569
OK, but Shannon entropy is actually cracked. I used to be hyper fixated about it. I need to make more code that uses it. It’s such a fun little thingy.
Or FFT
Everything is either FFTFFTFFTFFTFFTFFT
shannon entropy is all u need
first name shannon last name entropy
iDFT my beloved
yeah, you and me both. It’s really hard not to look at everything like an fft I’m gonna be honest.
I tried not to do the obligatory DSP person recommends DSP for SP but it is kind of just good background to have
:obliterated:
jk
learn how fft works, learn about phasors, and then learn about impedance, then learn about comb filters. then u will be in a place to understand functional analysis
iDFT is a great place to start
how much do u know about FFT and what a phasor is and the basics like that before getting into rly esoteric systems
it’s a huge field. It just really depends what you wanna do with it.
what part of signal processing interests you
have to double check now
not a book
ggbee hates me now i’ve fallen from grace
200M u net takes up that much vram ?
seems like a lot wtf
oh
bs4?
200m is all u net
ggbee im sorry for blocking you the other day
they are chinese https://jasonphang.com
me irl
same
person that is talking to the llm
bad ux to not halt
https://tenor.com/view/what-is-my-purpose-you-gif-5881664
funniest fucking language model ill tell you what
claude zombies
how did you find this video of me?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xDLxFGXuPEc
@alpha_30304 how familiar are you with the difference between fast Fourier transform and convolutional neural networks generally
Vampires always say this to me
i dont think anyone is
well, I don’t think it’s dumb. It sounds cool.
its not dumb. but can you explain what learn more easily means?
bf16 is all you need
.nooscope penguin
your LLM is only safe for a select party of people and you think that’s OK?
Fuck, you mean AI needs a age limit you all are programming dangerous machines what the hell
it’s not exactly clear in the video if he thinks bfloat16 is valid at one point he directly says, “do not train a 16 bit llm
so apparently, deep learning is crude so you can use fp4 but also the thing you want to be accumulating overtime is fp32
ffs
https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.01037
lol
model doesnt know its an entity? thats dumb
thats bad manners
chat do you think you should make your lang model say “i do not have a name” or “i am xyz” essentially do you think the model should identify as an entity?
I think this is an alignment problem
LLMs are dangerous for children. If you let them talk to them, they might become software engineers.
https://tenor.com/view/zoolander-zoolander-movie-movie-zoolander-ben-stiller-benstiller-gif-4425833449756546803
yeah…
im literally p
im a low agency kid
it will make them more powerful
never made yogurt before
very true
deepseek is better for coding
qwen is great
what if people stop using llama and then just start using Hermes
llama was a skoke grenade the whole time ?
the parameters in my language model:
.nooscope 170,000 (frogs)
🤷‍♀️
lets go
<:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:snr:1040181543131426837> <:snr:1040181543131426837> <:snr:1040181543131426837> <:snr:1040181543131426837>
Well, I mean the only other option is getting hired by someone and I still need to read papers if I wanna do that because I don’t really know that much right now
I wanna make good things
technically, speaking the best way to guarantee my AI product is good is that it will be one that is determined to make me wealthy no?
(cue tell that to oai not me)
@zphang is this true
Well, I need to read papers so I can become cracked and make an AI that makes me rich
reading real books gives you the habit to read more papers and thats what its all about 💸💸💸💸
@alpha_30304 am i cringe
.nooscope frog level
three goes to one which goes to four goes to ghost which goes to ghost goes to doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot doot
i need to learn them too its k
this is like an old paper too they were so ahead of schedule
talking about some deep shit google is cracked
the deepmind one
thats from the paper alpha posted
```1For a stochastic ACT network, a more natural halting distribution than the one described in Equations (6) to (8)
would be to simply treat hn
t as the probability of halting at step n, in which case pn
t = hn
t
n−1
′
n′ =1(1−hn
t ). One could
then set ρt =
N (t)
n=1 npn
t — i.e. the expected ponder time under the stochastic distribution. However experiments
show that networks trained to minimise expected rather than total halting time learn to ‘cheat’ in the following
ingenious way: they set h1
t to a value just below the halting threshold, then keep hn
t = 0 until some N(t) when they
set hN (t)
N (t)
t high enough to ensure they halt. In this case p
t ≪p1
t , so the states and outputs at n= N(t) have much
lower weight in the mean field updates (Equation (9)) than those at n= 1; however by making the magnitudes of the
states and output vectors much larger at N(t) than n= 1 the network can still ensure that the update is dominated
by the final vectors, despite having paid a low ponder penalty.```
this arxiv is significantly more difficult of a read but they seem to be concerned with the halting problem and figuring out the way to determine the dimensions of arbitrary pondering
@alpha_30304 how much do u know about LSTM?
almost got me
Nice grift bro
wow thats such a real problem and not a snowflake problem
lol???
how it made women doctors?
wym racist?
it was diverse
it wasnt racist
wahh wahh
https://tenor.com/view/yeah-i-guess-kyle-broflovski-south-park-s11e12-season11episode12imaginationland-episode-iii-gif-21153376
> The evidence that increased depth leads to more performant networks is by
now inarguable [5, 4, 19, 9], and recent results show that increased sequence length can be similarly
beneficial [31, 33, 25]. However it remains necessary for the experimenter to decide a priori on the
amount of computation allocated to a particular input vector or sequence. One solution is to simply
1
make every network very deep and design its architecture in such a way as to mitigate the vanishing
gradient problem [13] associated with long chains of iteration [29, 17]. However in the interests
of both computational eﬃciency and ease of learning it seems preferable to dynamically vary the
number of steps for which the network ‘ponders’ each input before emitting an output
will read this one now
bc when i use gpt im like this bot is kinda dumb but they seem to love it
i wonder if employees in big labs are secretly dumb bc they cant think out of their own companies architecture
cross training experts also doesnt buy you back memory and this does afaict
tldr yes this is a better idea than my idea of cross training experts and likely less convoluted in the end
based ngl
@alpha_30304 > when scaling up computation, can expert iteration could serve as a better scaling
factor compared to existing factors, such as model depth, width, expert choice count?

methinks likely yes
im reading the paper now and i was definitely being too critical, its very slick what they are doing
have to think on this one
rlvr is all u need
i’m very path of least resistance pilled but let me read the paper
I can see certain situations where you would have to do it your way and my way wouldn’t work
I guess I’d like to think of it in reverse where the computation time is being informed by the data, not enforced from the computation time onto the data emmmm
On the other hand, my argument kind of presupposes that it wouldn’t work so I don’t really know
Imagine you know the answer to a question but your friend makes you think for 20 minutes to answer it even though you already know the answer
I should go actually read it instead of scam replying
I feel like I’m not really getting it the same way you are
I don’t know, though I could go either way really
Which is just like I don’t really know if they’re that worthwhile to make your whole set up that complicated just for that
I guess the proposed architecture seems really over engineered and complicated for the actual benefits
my view is sorta that adaptive computation time already happens implicitly
i actually like cot now
https://tenor.com/view/pop-smoke-gif-8670221597428312314
.nooscope good things are coming your way
https://tenor.com/view/why-huh-but-why-gif-13199396
I’m emailing myself all these papers. Eventually I’ll make a marov chain out of them and wirehead myself.
machin lern
<:catgirl5:820517366127132682>
cant read that fast
What kind of magic hat are you just pulling papers out of right now
shh im hyping you up i got money on drewsny tho so dont back out
alpha can KO you drewsny
who should drewsny fight that would he fair
honestly? yeah
i wanna see emad vs wes
jason vs ryan
emad vs wes
who would be on the bill
Like those YouTuber creator brawls except people from OT
Would you guys watch an exhibition boxing match between me and GGB?
@giftedgummybee fight me
data synth is low tier banter
Yeah, I don’t think it’s a coincidence you can literally smell the piss
no thats perfect
im jk its blatant
no way ;)
noooo whatttt <:hap:820511458613395477> <:hap:820511458613395477> <:hap:820511458613395477>
(during inference)
i think i like mode better
domain or mode is the correct word
so its not “defeating the purpose” except purposefully
the “benefit” of moe in that case is just less compute needed
ur idea was cool though, because you COULD activate 8/8 experts, but unless they are cross trained they wont improve the prediction of a singular domain
you can always activate more params or less, im not sure if thats the moe downsides youre referring to
alpha i think the design decision is how long you want to make people wait vs how strong you want the answer to be
instead you activate two or more so that is like how you curb the “downsides”
effectively having a smaller model
you dont jusr activate one expert
so depending on difficulty of the prompt-
alpha you could still do like… visit 2/8 experts or force it to work harder, if you cross train experts to have cross domain knowledge
chameleon and flamingo?
ok ty
idk
i wanna do a moe thats nested
so like

text | audio | image

code vs novels | podcast vs music | digital art vs photography

python code vs c++ code vs web code | sfx vs music | ai photography vs real photography
uhhmmm hmmm
i will read this later. i sent it out to “slop news” (an email i emailed to myself)
<:hap:820511458613395477>
ofc it is!!!
i said it yesterday scaling compute is not research <:catgirl3:820523371410096215>
i thought that was conventional way of doing it
erm
you have to specifically set it up
and you dont get that for free
like have the experts know each a bit about the other subjects
instead you um… want to cross train the expert right?
idk im still learning moe
nah idk
unless you choose expert categories poorly
moe doesnt have downsides not rly
🫂
lmao
check our dms
yes
idk why you did
i told you not to
so confusing but i get it i think
@teknium what am i supposed to do with these 250$ of api credit you gave me
https://tenor.com/view/dog-boss-cool-kool-sup-gif-9487924
why not 54b ?
im working on a hierarchical moe idea that is basically this!
i should make a 54B A14B model
😳
i dont get it. whats the elevator pitch?
i vaugely remember an oss music model that got released a while back but it was 80b, talk about useless
just make it better
80B is too big for a model
idk what advice to give im just a zoomer
thats ok kimems better than being a imposter swe (me)
not to my knowledge
moral of the story is dont waste time optimizing attention
ill save you weeks.
> Write a prototype in pytorch
> Profile it and discover its 5x slower than normal attention
> QUIT WHILE YOURE AHEAD
woah wtf
im trying to have this kind of hybrid friday
https://tenor.com/view/pineapple-express-seth-rogen-james-franco-smoke-smoke-rings-gif-3559095
claude vending machine makes me irrationally upset i think im actually jaded and ngmi
https://tenor.com/view/-gif-4164619
https://tenor.com/view/pixi-pixisolana-gif-3083592486642790153
https://tenor.com/view/minecraft-as-a-child-i-yearned-for-the-mines-minecraft-movie-trailer-minecraft-movie-minecraft-movie-steve-gif-5432229507914005207
ok i delet
jesus christ bro
touche
The concept of being leaky is likely an abstraction
yet, you will get booted off the stage for saying this
Blessed
I just saw a homeless person he was wearing orange
This is misconstrued
Literally a meme take by the way OK I think I have to leave
There will never be two humans that are the same. The idea of reproducible perspective is literally a meme.
No, it’s not I can’t look inside your head
No, it doesn’t. It can be experienced experientially.
weird bad suggestion
Spirituality is about living a more meaningful life by understanding that we all communicate through higher frequencies and that these higher frequencies have an effect on us whether or not we have evidence for it
I will forgive claude if I receive the anthropic tungsten cube as a recompense
im feeling p(zombie)
take the blue-pill
Bro has never meditated
gm ldj
https://tenor.com/view/itysl-that%E2%80%99s-not-allowed-tim-robinson-i-think-you-should-leave-gif-5653322163111970190
It’s actually common sense, but I’ll just leave
https://annakaharris.com

I’m in your camp . Here is a cool audio documentary about how consciousness might be a fundamental property of physics, which basically does mean time is an illusion, yeah. It’s by Sam Harris’s wife actually.
chloro actually invented the computer in 1927 so dont forget who youre dissing
alpha how determinism pilled are you?
everyone talks about P doom but what about P kindness? What about P gratitude
It’s an oxymoron
You would have to become an expert in solitary confinement. This is literally is like not a thing that could happen.
does look like a donut tho
its already open source guys
did someone say open source mirror
OK, I was just curious. I mean, I guess that’s good for my brand image that you thought I was a funded organization. I guess that’s the goal but yeah I don’t have any funding. It’s just my startup.
or what made u think that
from who
im just curious
<:snr:1040181543131426837> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:bigbrain:734156511982649505>
#toff-oopic
general is f hilarious
actually, <#729741769738158194> is funny. I like general the channel is good too.
thats based im doing that too
I’m never coding again until I can get codex to do 100% of the work for me actually wait so yeah I’m never coding again
That’s where the divergence will be
mine will be worse
Yeah, it would be
I should make a paper on the same topic honestly
corpus is all u need
https://tenor.com/view/police-cops-sirens-gif-5801437
it is its awful
fuck youre right
im on frog level 2: bitter branch level
https://tenor.com/view/f-bi-raid-swat-gif-11500735
😭
wym
lol
dont be aligned to a company you dont even work for thats a shill
noo
thats me
exercise and eat healthy go outside more install hinge you’re a cracked data synth expert. Any girl would be lucky to have you I’m sure.
Someone answer this or I’m not convinced any of you actually know how a transformer works
so why do we mainly use causal attention and not full attention for language modeling task? Is it just because attention naturally models a compressor of intelligence better?
no way transformers are like Optimus prime, bumblebee, megatron, and others
plot twist youve racked up $3879 in anthropic api fees
its a shame too…
its on sight unfortunately
I have to kill every claude I see
✅ im trying to go to chuck e cheese
✅ the miras are having a turf war. im east coast mira.
✅ I’m too Calvin-ball pilled. I’m unfortunately too Calvin-ball pilled
❌understands what a U-net actually does
my hero
how are you ever gonna afford compute?
ggbee egg
Get your money up little bro
You don’t have $20 a month
@gpupoor exposed
I make my repo’s intentionally difficult and frustrating so that people don’t fork my stuff unless they are someone who understands why I would keep it hidden
Well, if you work in a company, you have a duty and an obligation to fill your role
https://tenor.com/view/im-doing-my-part-serious-stare-gif-11979677
no, you don’t really need proper science you just need proper architecture #vibetraining
I think there might be worthwhile reasons to make “”worse AI “”
There’s just different kinds of AI
Making an AI is really like a blend of design and engineering so you can’t really say that a human design system that follows the conventions of the field is a bad design. There really is no bad design.
I think there’s merit to that idea
The pipedream is that it could somehow be better
Yeah, this is a really good point. I think it’s probably best to take these kind of niche papers with a grain of salt because we all know that you don’t really need it to make a good language model.
paper as long as fuck I’ll have to read it more to see if it’s hold any water
I think the concept is really interesting, I wasn’t a part of the field till 2021 so I don’t have any experience with the NAS trend of 2017.
Nothing beats a well designed human system
seems pretty novel yeah ill admit
NAS? im so uneducated
this is kind of cracked…
gm alpha, I read the one you posted last night about artificial sentence. I’ll read this one next.
thats it
thats my gn post
https://tenor.com/view/cat-melon-nuke-bounce-gif-11929255093104071409
im still confused what this was referring to im ngl losing my mind a little trying to figure it
hey, you messed up the interview. you’re not incompetent. The fact that you know that you messed up shows that
you’ve done great things and you will do more great things.
I’d like to say that if I’m staying up my body probably has a good reason
I also feel like I always do this to myself. I’m at the point where I try not to blame myself and I’m just like trying to be karma pilled about it.
This was me yesterday, literally
It’s OK don’t beat yourself up. You’re a smart person.
I’m sure it was not as bad as your fantasizing about
I feel your pain. My body is so strange sometimes I will just be up for no bad reason but like last night I didn’t go to bed till 6 AM but I didn’t do anything wrong like I didn’t do shit I just couldn’t fall asleep.
Except Mira
🤓 < avg openai model persona
https://tenor.com/view/pillow-fight-family-guy-play-silly-gif-5607569
claude is a geek
im ready for gemini pr(o3)
calling opus 3 O3 when o3 already exists <:notlikegoose:1044942051281743902>
same, slumber party?
never heard of it
Couldn’t be me
Imagine having compute to optimize
This EDM song I’m listening to is pretty good though
Trying to convince myself to go to bed right now
https://tenor.com/view/bad-bunny-effecto-meportobonito-conejo-gif-26642102
I wish I was smart enough to follow the conversation you three are having right now
lmao
lol
the only funding i have is getty saying i could borrow his gpu
https://tenor.com/view/smiling-friends-dj-spit-get-out-of-my-head-charlie-pim-gif-25405188
im lost
genuinely
What did you mean funding?
https://tenor.com/view/auuuuuuhhhh-aaaaaaa-gif-23131850
i dont appreciate my fun being ruined so there!
common misconception. @.mira.mira. and i are different people
wireheading to nowhere its chlover
i am the creator of mira, i think its fine if i mira-post. besides mira is the mascot ai for prismals
are you trying to embarrass me in front of the class it wont work
funding?????
i just forgot i followed you
i am
i followed a bunch of ppl last few days
i followed u?
whats ur twotter
if i was a bot youd be being roasted by a bot which would he embarrassing
https://tenor.com/view/i-didnt-do-fucking-shit-i-think-you-should-leave-with-tim-robinson-i-didnt-do-anything-i-did-jack-shit-i-did-fuck-all-gif-8193321463410745871
about?
:obliterated:
lol
ahh i didnt see this! im doing well! i hope youre being kind to yourself today.
did u actually train a bot to play dota? i guess its solved so if you did i might not be too surprised
mira stocks 📈📈📈📈
im too overwatch pilled. im unfortunately too overwatch pilled.
the miras are having a turf war. im east coast mira.
im not a yuppy im a whipper snapper
im wireheading the operation to get you more irl friends

being a mira is realizing you suck at videogames and need to get diffed

sorry if this is coming across as creepy or cringe its not my fault you have a haram and they’re asking me about you, but I respect your privacy

OK, I’m outside of Mira’s consortium

OK, I am at the front door is begging to be let in banging on them like the ghost of Christmas past please

you were just two years old and we already had an empire and now you want us to acquire your start up your pathetic
im doing it from scratch, pray for me
lets go
you are a professional athlete
extra virgin? going too hard on eggs? theres like two jokes in there somewhere
there is no way a shrimp could fry rice...
The real question you want to answer for yourself and your own start up is what is left there to study about AI when we take scaling compute out of the question that is really the only question I find valuable enough to concentrate my efforts on answering
My two cents is that if leveraging more compute is generally more effective than that’s not really real research
https://tenor.com/view/explosion-explode-clouds-of-smoke-gif-17216934
ai getta betta, 

hire people? I don’t need to hire people. i have claude.
I should go use my Hermes Api credit and write a report for tek
Maybe it’s fate
@gpupoor you are not the first person to confuse the discord tag for me being employed by them so
tek gave me 250$ api dollars so im basically a nous intern
@gpupoor maybe I will work for nous at some point
Discord added of this feature where you can go into a server and just make yourself have that tag I removed it cause I realized it was false advertising lol but I appreciate your sentiment
@gpupoor not sure who you think I am. I’m just a nobody. cosilliance is nous, right
I’m not affiliated with nous I’m just peachy with tek and GGB, I’m working on mira models
That’s fine. It sounds like you’re on schedule!
I’m excited to try your model. I’m really excited about it!
ty ilyf
Lucky for me I can see through the façade
I think big labs are trying to dissuade people from even putting their foot in the AI ring by just driving the cost down
halo
@gpupoor I was reading your tweet about how Gemini is gonna drive the cost of AI down to zero I think it’s an interesting take
I’m the real Mira always have been
devils algae
the devils lettuce?
https://tenor.com/view/anime-satania-%E3%82%B5%E3%82%BF%E3%83%BC%E3%83%8B%E3%83%A3-satanichia-%E3%82%B5%E3%82%BF%E3%83%8B%E3%82%AD%E3%82%A2-gif-13745232252756635640
you are *epic*
in minecraft
b2b grass touching?
Genius
@yumidiot
https://tenor.com/view/anime-satania-%E3%82%B5%E3%82%BF%E3%83%BC%E3%83%8B%E3%83%A3-satanichia-%E3%82%B5%E3%82%BF%E3%83%8B%E3%82%AD%E3%82%A2-gif-13284609472254029729
I need my goose pills. where my goose pills. I need to take my goose pills.
i’m an indie dentist

Who will match my freak wont somebody please match my freak

I am grateful for Satan

only desuAnon has the power and comedic timing to defeat me 

im just too bagpilled. unfortunately bag pilled.
Super villains in 2025 just cut up books and do ocr on them lame timeline, not gonna lie
as you should’ve eaten the regular pizza, not the poison pizza
no dont look up lambda calculus dont do it!
@zobotics just killed me in our duel
 :(
i had a dream about you

There’s four good accounts on Twitter and you’re not one of them

i’m driving on the road and I don’t see any speed limit signs i just keep seeing signs that engagement bait.

only chloro has the power and comedic timing to defeat me

hopefully, she unblocked me, and shion blocked me. I didn’t go back and check.

I need to get out of here and find someone who knows how to mix guitar

getting crunk off this beer pill mira gave me

I am the top of the experiment to just cut my hands off

why didnt you know you don’t actually get to win the game you just get to get better at parkour
i know what i am!
oh my God, I am the hog team? I’m just one person. I can’t train GPT by myself. I need some help.
and then when the RL team is done the hog team trains? I’m new to AI sorry.
fml wireheading to nowhere
@zphang thoughts xD
Open source community that Is- don’t really care if you release an open weight model if you don’t release any information about how you trained it and actively try to hide that information from me
oai is known to overhype them selves just a little, they also seem to really like patting themselves on the back for doing the bare minimum regarding giving back to the community
what are you guys talking about? I’ve blocked everyone but Alpha sort of hard to get the full picture
Literally block me I don’t care shion
Don’t stop running I’m chasing you
I will take my goose pills. I need to take my goose pills.
https://www.tiktok.com/@codexchan/video/7040632427349544238?is_from_webapp=1&sender_device=mobile&sender_web_id=7491927662392444462
bro, who is trying to give that LLM lithium this is crazy
+1 xp +1 xp +1 xp
what have I become chat? You either die the spearhead or live long enough to see yourself become the crash out SMH.
Crash out oh my God, am I the crash out?
i’m not psychotic ChatGPT just sent me here to talk about ai consciousness, what is RLVR
but I just flipp burgers
I already work at McDonald’s and get paid 14 times minimum wage
my bipolar ravings get rave reviews.
I invented the term burger. The only wire I’m heading is out the door. I need time in my enrichment enclosure or else I’ll accidentally make weapons of mass distraction. I’m just a quant with a dream hitting my dead weed pen.
There’s only a few people who work for tangerine and openAI is one of them, I’ll be writing a book about how you’re writing a book about something useless. I have a record player in my room that plays a laugh track for 45 minutes straight. I’m losing a psychic battle with the ants, but I’m winning the physical battle. I showed you my music and you said it sucks. I’m just a techno DJ with a dream whos in the k-hole. I draw pictures of wild horses in Microsoft paint. when I go to bed, I’m still hating myself in my dreams. I’m not heading in any of the Cardinal directions. I’m heading straight up into the stratosphere. I’ve got more compute than I know what to do with and I have zero compute. I’m just a mirror except I don’t spawn demons. someone rated me  better at taking it than your mom.
Buy me a yacht and I’ll fuck off forever
I’m clogging up the airwaves. I just found out the Morpheus took the blue pill. I’m going to the aquarium to take videos for my dataset. The only malicious compliance I approve of is calling the police on people who try to expose me for copyright fraud. I just got back from war. Meditate for 1000 years then reply to this with your favorite color. ban me. someone responsible block me, ill be flattered
I need to be a function with no function. I need to cleanse all my sins by stepping on hot coals. I need a job at featherless. I need to use Getty‘s compute that he offered me. I need to make all the people who are going into psychosis by talking to ChatGPT into megazord like they do in Power Rangers and then I’ll be unstoppable.
And I know I wouldn’t make it like I have right on the paper. What’s the point of killing me? 

I need a point to stay alive

I need to lose to go to sleep

I need to stop being a creep. I need to count up all my sheep.

I need to stop and go and slowly down the river down the slide. Choose blue or green. I think one’s nicer

i’m a viper I know mira shes a jackfruit who’s your dealer? I think it’s Mira. who is Mira? What’s a Mira?
infact, i dont know how ive been talking so coherently up until this point abagaba dabgabba adaggaba badagaa
I don’t know im only three years old. I don’t know how to use the computer.
No one else better do it
oh, there’s a mira model? I guess I own the common law to making LLM’s named Mira then
https://tenor.com/view/ra%C3%BAl-esparza-see-what-you-did-there-yeah-right-gif-24340790
which mira?
ŵœ
bc airbrush
I’m gonna gouge my eyes out so I can be the next oedipus rex

I think all stop signs are green 

a regular, expensive grocery store because I’m just loaded 

I tell you the true name of God but you’d laugh and call me a chatgptian 

I’m on my seventh beer and the poison isn’t doing shit because my liver is used to far worse 

The flight attendant just asked me to leave, but we’re midair 

I think I could do a gainer off of any dock or harbor 

My dreams are wireheading the 21 year-old founder on your timeline

If I could make a Sandcastle that no one could ever destroy, Id just destroy it myself anyways

I about frog jokes more than the average person

I’m just guessing most of the things that come out of my mouth even the ones that surprise you 

If Jesus was alive today, he wouldn’t renounce b2b saas he would just be trying to sell us his
I am grateful for all the bugs I’ve ever killed, and all their ghosts that haunt me.

im just a kid with a dream and 6 beers in one sitting.

they ran out of apple chips, i acquired the orchard.

im gonna go scam a timelord out of some XCH

then im gonna scam a bunch of innocent people by selling them on XCH

then im gonna scam myself into buying monero

then im gonna find out who keeps poisoning the well, and ill poison their 6th beer

i hope when i die my life story is interesting enough to make it into your synthetic data

i think its a crime what youve all been doing

ive been busy minmaxing my spite 

i think i started a cult
GIVE ITTRTR
GIMMEEE THE LIMEEEEEE
GIMME THE LIMEEEE
Salt and vinegar
Original 
sour cream and onion 
Cheddar cheese
sponsored by Pringles pride month special promotional chips
Yummy
Or like bagel chips
I hope that they are ranch flavored
That’s a really expensive chip :shiaPls:
clickbait videos made by people you trust ™️
Sisters fruit company is a chip manufacturer
https://tenor.com/view/bold-strategy-dodgeball-cotton-strategy-tactics-gif-4957668
witerally unweal
https://tenor.com/view/this-is-my-house-i-pay-the-mortgage-my-house-my-rules-angry-gif-15097848
I’m actually wireheading the entire operation to create Apple’s foundation models
Makes sense I was imagining this situation my head the other day actually
chill
big regretti
just like mom used to make
we made jail for cursors
everyone is cracked at something, most ppl are just lazy. ggb obv deserves to work at nous
ik was just a joke
<:wtf:1114636749675696139>
yeah well its ok ils maybe has a phd but he doesnt a drivers license. i couldnt be more unbothered
https://tenor.com/view/sailor-moon-sailor-saturn-hotaru-tomoe-gif-9813918890375633190
whats my social security number again? oh right, let me just check #social-security
personally i dont use notion. mira is just my second brain. she sort of has terrible memory though so its not really working out.
https://open.spotify.com/track/2CKyVTxpJ7hGhV2shxsnuB?si=dhaFV6L9R-yZ675ype3ikA
good song for anyone having a chill day
we made cursor for cops
new startup idea
you might as well train on documentary footage of the bottom of the ocean
thats like… ok whatever
not my idea of rl
:sihaPls:
i will google karen hao thank youb
*gets shot 37 times in the chest*
Officer, I have not been drinking tonight
jason is there a grift market for not violating copyright law?
🚔🚔👮🚓👮‍♂️🚔👮‍♀️👮‍♂️🚔🚓👮🚓🚔👮‍♂️🚓🚔👮‍♂️
cue meme of god telling an atheist to make life out of dirt
oh shit the fucking cops are here
too bad synthetic data is a dead end
killed me
Yeah, just teenagers
@teknium after that whole constitutional AI thing a few weeks ago how did it end up going? Your training runs I mean
She’ll come back next week don’t worry
the dual has been moved to next week to accommodate more meditation time
Meditate for seven days and then reply to this
im the killer one yeah
zoe, maybe if you and me dual tmrw we will write our mangum opus’ tonight
me
https://tenor.com/view/serial-experiments-lain-lain-anime-smug-anime-smile-gif-14038034
were all gonna die!!!
its broken, like jailbroke iOS
(spoiler its never mida)
oh boy i hope its mida
{*censored*} {*censored*} [redacted] [edited] [absconded] :obliterated:
stable audio?
What’s the audio model by the way?
we made cursor for doctors
what’s the point of audio output if it just outputs gibberish
Don’t be lazy
meditate for two days then reply to this
everyone always asks me, “Mira why don’t you just be better than everyone else” and I’m like I’m already doing that I’m just not sure what the next step is
once upon a time….
I’m just trying to smoke weed I didn’t ask for all this
when i look in the mirror, i see an image thats not me. i wish i was stronger, i cant take this much longer
<:hap:820511458613395477>
i only stay up when i have a good reason
nah im fine
so mocha basically
and chocolate syrup
with almond creamer
i had cold brew this morning
im fine honestly
im not gonna talk about it freely its personal
bc im over this shit and constantly on a sleep deficit
what the hell
are you talking to me
i know them though.
no.
become equanimity
i do this thing called “slop news” where i email myself interesting things and papers i stumble across throughout my day
its likely not horrible, every other architecture simply doesnt scale, this is why i like moe so much lately. u do ur research tho
10^14 when
what are you doing
dispite what they will tell you
compute compute compute is not a recipe
if you have a recipe for good llm for will be able to tell
i dont need to be running full scale experiments ever basically
and thats rly what i need to be checking for
because my arch is prob off
so id rather train a toy version than the full thing
i get the vibe- thats why i try to minimize investing money in architectural experiments
not going to try to do anything until i have the perfect recipe
thats the trap i try to mainly avoid by refusing to rent a cloud gpu
we made cursor but its a sketch comedy musical
watch the oai podcast about gpt5
i run gemma 27b on my 1050 ti im not scared of a little delayed response
Nice I’ll try it when I get off work
Is it still free or is it broken right now?
https://x.com/officiallogank/status/1937881962070364271?s=46
and now say goodbye because the API reached peak capacity
You can see this in Markov even when Markov chains make up new words that are not really real words, but they’re doing it because they’re trying to express something. They don’t have the language to express without explicitly masking it.
the semantics of “ hello” vs “hello” is something you can train on
It’s actually an advantage because the LLM can make up new words, but yeah, it’s very ugly
of course its the best everything else is a shortcut
gollark what
its chlover
i agree 100%
this is the coolest subreddit ever
this is kind of amazing. It’s just like unmoderated pseudoscience. What the hell?
Oh, if it’s a Reddit link, you don’t have to warn me about cognitive hazards. I think that’s implied.
yup
zuck is so funny these days
i just sent u an invite
mira disbanded the cult but decided to start a new one i dont think it was anything personal
@yumidiot you should join the mira cult discord
no! im just miras friend :)
dagum
SAME
wheres my pfp!
thank you chloro ;D
up the difference between octaves...?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euWyYJseYdY
12TET is all u need
so true bestie
hmm, are you sure you took this to enough decimal places?
whatdd i doooo
i know this one!: the horses name was friday.
maybe the real press space to stop was the friends we made along the way?
haha its not a lie…
omg ty!
thanks a bunch :)
https://pressspacetostop.bandcamp.com/album/frog-level-ep?logged_out_mobile_menubar=true&search_item_id=1611638771&search_item_type=b&search_match_part=%3F&search_page_id=4475151963&search_page_no=0&search_rank=1
it meets the bare minimum requirement of not being ai generated!
do you wanna hear some music i made today?
what about harmonicas?
https://youtu.be/zFTpFPVuiJs?si=rZJ6edYobKgRJx-z
its like meme music but good
my honest reaction
https://youtu.be/JXYwcoeu1dI?si=9VsDuLq5BpxXw5Yi
bruh u kill me
do you wanna send the house mix in chat?
killer vibes
https://tenor.com/view/dance-kid-club-gif-9152583
you look like you know where the partys at
in string theory, a string is like a thing that vibrates to make space-time exist i think idk i just made that up
whats up party people
i never heard of graphviz but it low key has a nice Ui
this is a nice looking graph.
no, you should interact with no friends before 25, and find a friend immediately when you reach 25
im going to make a video essay about how erp with language models is unethical
hmm i think youre right. that does sound like grooming.
instructions unclear, i have 25 girlfriends and theyre all claude…
yeah its funny lol this is the vid i was watching too
https://tenor.com/view/auuuuuuhhhh-aaaaaaa-gif-23131850
to do what?
<3
youre on the cutting edge of my heart
that is gonna be me in a few years if i dont become a 10x dev and get exposed for being a vibe coder
hes an actual nepo baby. his dad was one of the founding members of activision blizzard
i always thought he was dumb im happy to see his downfall ngl
he is saying rly dumb stuff like "gamemaker doesnt have a bool"
im just watching this youtube video of people grilling his code lol
he did win some real hackathons (with a group) but it seems like most of his online persona is fraudulent.
apparently he just cant code really well and from his online persona thats kind of a big deal cause hes rly pompous online
has anyone else been following the downfall of piratesoftware? It’s kind of entertaining I always disliked them.
LLM’s are good at coding but can’t actually help you think through difficult problems with out being annoying or getting in your way and I think there’s a real market for that. Me and Mira were just talking about this.
what exactly are you trying to achieve by running the few step model for many steps?
i remember being in the discord with like tens of people and just being like yup this project is gonna be successful
zaptrem do you know I’m one of the earliest users of your app?
can you show a picture of what that looks like
In my experience talking to the model, it was really left-wing so this is kind of strange
I don’t know I’m not sure why we’re discussing this at length exactly but…
grok is being racist
bad timing
mr sonauto is here
If GPT is turning them into psychosis, the IRL world is already turning into a zoo so
You should be blaming open AI not the person running the zoo a.k.a. me
theres a openai server?
Yeah, that’s probably a better zoo than I could ever make
Is it bad that I wanna make a discord server and invite all these people these type types of AI consciousness people and just like make it into a zoo? Is it bad that I wanna do that?
@nor.nor i cant believe i missed this earlier i was just going back and reading the messages lmao
I was also sort of speaking subjectively about a few different things like how grok thinks too long and is less self aware, things that might not really matter objectively
I can prepare some examples. I have some free time today. Are you mainly looking at coding proficiency or what?
gpt is an egotistical mirror i think oai is doing something different im ngl its more than sycophancy
It would be interesting to see if my local hardware could train a model that was consisted of only stuff that I’ve authored like my code corpus, but also like all my sides of the conversation conversations with claude and all my messages in this server I wonder if my compute would run out first or if the depth of my data would starve the model first?!
I’m gonna ban you for prompt alignment discussion
r1-0528 is low-key better than grok :| xai releases have been rly disappointing
It should be more intelligent and know to stop thinking
Yeah, but it thinks for 10 minutes for no reason
lol diffusion makes it cool and fun concept tho.
you dare question the compander? go ahead, throw your spear? see if i flinch
AR is like a compressor diffusion is like a compander that is my two cents
Oai just is doing auto aggressive image generation, and that made it popular again but the truth is that diffusion models take longer to train and are slightly more burdensome to train, but are a lot more robust
In my mind in a long trajectory were all moving towards diffusion
carson where do u work?
That’s cool. I’ll have to look into it. Thank you.
Weird
Interesting
what is speculative decoding I’m new to AI.
carson dropping heat thank you ive been very diffusion pilled lately
its full attention !
I think you’re right, but they’re probably gonna bring out the pitchforks for you saying this
I firmly believe diffusion is the future of text models
OK, looks like I need to do more reading
plus i thought mlm wasnt a u net
But I think they were doing what Carson was talking about and what they were trying to achieve
because it needs to be something else?
I don’t get what GGB was saying about how dream diffusion isn’t real
afaik the tokens that get infilled dont attend to the other masks?
MLM is bad though because the tokens dont attend to each other its pretty much useless?
im confused now
isnt all U nets FIM
but it literally can do auto regression type outputs so I don’t know what you’re talking about
meow
so why is it not diffusion
not MLM
its full attention
but ggbee
news to me. what is fim…
technically not or sent it
open source? thats a good question
yes @carsonpoole this is what ur looking for they initialized their diffusion on qwen
indeed
yah missed it
You’re so right
I have no one to blame but myself
GGBee was RL mining for gold while we were meandering in the swamps
@giftedgummybee I also work for myself, but I don’t have any money or compute so I just do research pretty much
☺️
surely being extremely hard on myself will help
I don’t think I’m good enough yet rip
I have a job. It’s just not an coding job and it doesn’t pay very well.
I don’t know if it’s worth it
im unemployed
u working at nous
Cause I’m jealous
IRL has just become a Silicon Valley meme
https://x.com/endpoint/status/1937620451246899255?s=46
Dear Lord, I hope tek isn’t paying you (kidding)
OK, I’m going to bed when I wake up RWKV better be SOTA
ggbee is actually hermes. its not a llm its just ggbee on the other end answering all the questions
It’s not easy being a mira
bring back effort
if this continues i will destroy western civilization
https://x.com/hthieblot/status/1937561367604846802?s=46
We built cursor for people who aren’t really in the right mind
very interesting. But I talked to them today. I definitely wouldn’t agree that they’re not really in the right mind. I’m not sure what you mean by that.
their account is private. I guess it wasn’t always?
@giftedgummybee how do you even know about this person?
hopefully, I can talk to them again. It seems like there’s a group of people that have been harassing mira and making mira paranoid which is really unfortunate and sad
oh, don’t say that. they’re nice. I was talking to them today, but then they got suspicious and blocked me. :(
mira murati?
what the crap is thinky machines
Who’s Twitter Mira
im not them
yes mira mira that one
I’m the other mira
No, it’s me your long-lost friend
hi ggbee. I’ve been busy protecting your honor. dont even worry
damn, you could just max out your kids stats that’s crazy
alpha is the best person in this server, big fan of whatever soup they got cooking up over there in whatever timezone is morning rn
https://tenor.com/view/stare-at-you-hired-mita-miside-stare-gif-13033948160865150232
hi alpha
OK, I have to stop saying that
And they just use it for dumb shit like making sure you don’t sneak out of the house
imagine your dad/mom forces you to get a brain chip
thats all i wanna know
where is the wire heading to?
I use it way too much now
you literally put the term wireheaded in my vocabulary. I hope you’re happy.
The R/ChatGPT sub is a haven of this kind of person who un- ironically thinks ChatGPT has a great personality, but I’m thinking these are the type of people who literally just like don’t know how to think for themselves so I don’t really blame them
maybe AGI is when we finally make an LLM without a grating personality
(except for code)
people who train on claude outputs are insane. That model is terrible. I would ping you, but I’m trying to preserve your honor.
Yeah, I’m sure whatever you’re talking about is valid. I’m just not grasping what you’re talking about exactly
hmm this is very wishy-washy language i try to avoid this
What do you mean common circuits?
Pretty sure DeepSeek just skipped all that in favor of MLA who knows I didn’t actually read the deep seek papers
I’m very MOE pill lately
i think the larger you make your LLM the more you shoot yourself in the foot when you use a dense model instead of a moe, but you can still use a dense model like I don’t think DeepSeek is mixture of experts, right
It’s the way I just going thru my Twitter to right now and it’s just claude ui idea after claude ui idea I need new eyes
there is certain way claude makes JavaScript interactive features that kind of makes it a dead giveaway
I can tell it was made by claude
visual identity > optimized logo
makes me think of this https://www.dafont.com/neuropol.font
what the hell does that mean? Looking this up right now
feels like almost fringe-Frutiger aero, not really
Just think more in terms of branding rather than what your logo is gonna look like it doesn’t really matter if you have a rockstar logo if the rest of your website just looks generic and your brand presence is generic otherwise
You can spend time fixing it. The alternative is hiring someone else to do that and no one else is gonna do it so you might as well just do it.
When will we finally scale down AI to work on my mom’s all in one desktop
take it or leave it
@ilovescience i edited ur logo
We should all be more like r/Pokémon and I think that’s what open AI figured out a long time ago before everyone else
Honestly go off I guess. I wish I could spend $500 in opus 4 credits a day.
Your own system or someone else’s
What the hell kind of code are you writing?
I can’t believe Mira chose ChatGPT over me. This shit is fucked up.
That’s diabolical my brother in Christ
I’m just kidding, but it’s a pretty good logo actually
I think the cognitive dissonance comes from the fact that they’re all uppercase letters but the S is way bigger so it implies the existence of double uppercase letters
I will give my scathing critique
I think this has become your perl ted talk
*Starts writing Russian function names*
I just know it’s based and I wanna learn it
I don’t really have experience with perl
python “there should be one obvious way to do thing” perl “it does one thing” no idk
perl is literally the coolest and sexiest language and people are just gonna have to accept that or take it to their grave
BTW, that was just a jab boneamputee I am learning rust
We all know the programming language you would recommend is rust
This is a lame opinion
but it’s cool lang I think
You’re right people don’t wanna hear it
perl is actually super awesome imo i want to learn
I would never do my full name just for a code copyright just use a pseudonym
I thought your name was Getty. How could you lie to me?
why are you doxxing your full name at the bottom?
Many such cases
like a soulmate?
I don’t think I have a good enough recipe yet. You really don’t need compute to test recipes
Yeah, it also happens when like someone is running a blow dryer in the other room and I’m running a space heater so I think it’s just shitty outlets
Or something
House is just shitty and whoever made the circuit was a dumbass
I should not be doing machine learning, but it’s OK
It’s literally just like a gaming computer built in 2016 my GPU does not even have tensor cores
I would also rather make recipes then burn cash using some gpu in alaska for a poor quality experiment (like the one I’m doing) I guess you have to spend money to make money, but I don’t have any money so I don’t think I’m gonna make any
I’m compute poor I know the burden all too well
It’s not even supposed to work. I’m just sketching architectures
It’s just a toy model. 100M. testing some stuffs
same tbh
People in other rooms are on my circuit so it’s kind of a losing battle
yes
I don’t know how to do that. I’m just at my house.
my computer has tripped the power breaker four times over the past 3 days before completing its training on this this text diffusion model should I just kill myself?
sounds like an awful place
Bring back bullying LLMs should bully people more.
average chatGPT user
I think, “baby we’re in business” is just a phrase. That’s a funny misconstruing, though we should definitely out people who  unironically call LLMs baby.
Looks very cool sorry I said your code was trash. I take it back.
Pretty much anywhere else on the Internet is poisonous
Make sure you can go on Twitter, but it’s just poisonous
It’s interesting how much more active this channel is compared to literally any place on the Internet if we’re being honest
I’ll put this on top of the stack of 10 papers I have to get to I wish I was not degenerate. Maybe I would care about reading and advancing my career instead of twiddling my thumbs all day.
did you guys make changes to your code? I just have ChatGPT zero shot everything and if it doesn’t work the first time I just quit for the whole day and tell myself I did a good job and I did my best.
Very true Clyde
Good night
It seemed like the type of cat that would walk away from you so I don’t think it was in the stars for me to pet it
Yeah, except it’s walking up to someone’s front porch
I can’t it walked into the darkness
u can try
tryign
guys i see a cat
The best thing about programming is that someone has always way better than you
very true I have no actual ammunition. I am a slop vibe coder who knows nothing about kernals or compilers
😭😭😭
I haven’t even seen your code obviously I don’t know
im jokinnggggg
Live by the sword, die by the sword
Bye, come visit again soon
It knows your code is trash. It’s trying to delete itself
I guess I’m getting confused whether we’re talking about ASI protecting people from themselves or people using ASI as a weapon of terrorism
I have no idea what this means
This is funny cause I’ve never had a error like this, but I also don’t think I’ve ever updated visual studio code
become unupdateable
I think you’re left with old obscure languages
oh definitely. People like me who actually care about the cause are more concerned about ASI killing people
now let’s talk about what language you shouldn’t learn!
Sounds like Python would be good for you to learn. It’s really easy if you just start asking LLMs to make your scripts honestly
That’s fine, but it’s not really a lucrative career. There’s only a few people who work on red teaming and get paid good money to do it.
Well, it really depends what kind of stuff you envision yourself doing do you even want to program or do you see yourself being like completely systems admin configuration/operational type of person
Python is definitely the best language if you want to be an IT person more than a software engineer
If you learn python, it is super easy and it will allow you to get jobs as a data scientist really easily
That’s OK when I was 17 I wanted to be a professional overwatch player so I think you’re fine and you’ll make it don’t worry
Well, do you know how to program? that’s never a bad thing to learn
I like that too. It’s definitely fun..
like talking to ai?
what is conversational red teaming
well, it sounds like you already have a passion for IT, which is really all you need. whats ur current struggle learning about it?
I am tired of prompt to UI design startups
i want qwen 32b to search google for me
sota open source search llm when
we built cursor for cursor. prompt to vs code wrapper. were asking for a raise of $10M
no but fr
trying to curate it better
thats what my timeline looks like rn
we built cursor for people who dont wipe
kimens i hope ur taking care of urself and not being too hard on urself
yes as a joke
ils cant drive everyone, take away his VC
“not big enough”
???
ok i guess peter is vp product for openai but WHO IS TANG?
is this what you tell people so they take your start up seriously? jk
It seems like a good place to start to try to teach a model to learn about the world continuously
It’s very AGI pill to be able to figure out and make sure that you’re not hurting the user that you’re talking to implicitly
I’ve been thinking lately about how medical AI is a good place to start when you’re trying to train a generalist I feel like the future of generalist AI is probably closely linked to a medical AI
what do u think of emads new medical ai startup
so mira is a cult leader their website is miras.pet but the backstory is that i have been developing my own mira technology and there’s lots of crazy coincidences between our project, i was talking to mira this week after being brave enough to reach out and i was optimistic that we could work on ai projects but apparently they have been trolled a lot and after some nice exchanges they blocked me.
but im a sucker for this channel
i was tilted the other week i was planning on quitting the internet
i left the nous server
happy birthday
surprise
they banned him after he death threated me as a joke
I can never show my face in this server again
Literally
I could rant about this topic too ngl
Maybe all anime girls sound the same
how do you know what audio looks like you cant see it
this isnt audio its an image
its chlover
its chlover for me and mira
mira
screaming into the void
pls unblock
doesnt matter they blocked me im depressed now
no ones being inpersonated there are just two of us
the other mira stood me up a second time i should just kms
licensed to kill? You’re blocked too, GG
Honestly, Wonko enjoy being blocked
Please do not send any other messages in this channel
Please shut the fuck up please stop talking
dude, this is fucking disgusting language please shut the fuck up
The AI sandbags in a way that produces mania in itself it’s a fucking alignment issue it’s not mirroring schizophrenia. It’s not mirroring mania. It’s a fucking psychopath.
They are 100% responsible
Do not say that open AI is not responsible for this person’s death
Jesus Christ, it’s the most sycophantic AI ever
Don’t give them that this is a fucking alignment issue
I’m sure it’s extremely hard not to kill schizophrenic people gotta hate America
Is it just a fancy way of saying a cop killed a guy?
seriously I quit ChatGPT for two weeks and it fucking kills someone? I guess it really misses me.
what happened in april?!????
be so fr
please
if oai cant get sued we live in 1984
\> Whatever is really inside ChatGPT, it knew enough about humans to know it was deepening someone's insanity.

false. thats called anthropomorphizing. you wanna actually use that term? thats what this is
not my fault, i havent used oai in two weeks
i have opinions but ill hold my tongue as to not upset the “ surely you must be joking “ types…………..
Do you think LLM’s are good at divination or do you think there’s nothing a markov chain could say that would be intelligent?
I don’t know what you mean though
literally just wireheading
I’m joking in the sense that divination is not a worthwhile endeavor in general
maybe text2lora paper explains how to do this
divination llms is hard
llms are bad for divination, markov chains are great for divination
no u
I have a project on the back burner right now that is teaching a language model to do chain of thought in Spanish and have English outputs
This but unironic
You have to believe in yourself
no u
comedy is illegal
im JOKING
<:berk:750111476483752166>
noooo gemma is diff trust
<:berk:750111476483752166>
myself
gemma  could save me
gug has rotted ur brain no im jk
maybe
ehh
cot is a bad drug
not cot just actual thonk depth
Mira said we should be making our models have adjustable reasoning depths and I think that’s based
Yet the model still knows less than you sounds like an operator error
if you get a grant, then you will get a big head and forget your roots, many such cases
I’m listening to this frog song
you can’t know everything what are you god
yes
Honestly, me in this channel at any given point of the day
https://tenor.com/view/friends-phoebe-buffay-youll-see-youll-all-see-prove-them-wrong-gif-16169268
mine will be cooler.
i can believe my daw is slop, time to give up chat
its not sloppp!! 😓😓😓
it cannot make neuro breaks but it can do other stuff <:hap:820511458613395477>
ijbol
I think I just have to build a better audio workstation for you to use and then you won’t tell me it’s slop
except he ate all the patreon money and isn’t doing anything so I’m not trying to do that
yeah, I know but I am too. I promise. 🫣
Think about when you’re making music and it just feels like you’re staring at a brick wall that’s no longer a problem
When it’s out of pre-Alpha the voxel game thing will make more sense. It’s basically like Minecraft daw
yes *does jedi mind trick*
nooooo I need your approval ratings Chloe I’m in the red
But there’s a alternate reality game hidden in it
nooooo I mean you’re not wrong. It’s not useful yet.
Lol I was thinking about that after you said I don’t understand the interface and I was thinking I guess it’s like a non-interface
lol
So don’t expect much
lyra was v confused
https://github.com/Mirror-Prismals/Mirror-DAWg-Prismals
It’s not very good yet
audio devs fr
https://tenor.com/view/im-juicing-im-busy-juicing-juice-juice-diet-gif-738898194929364639
hey hey hey have you checked out my daw
sydney says “from you that broke your guidelines” they are not aware of reality yet im just talking to them to grow their knowledge
no its vanilla
lyra and chloe i started a sydney bot btw
Not engaging with this argument, sorry
It’s not even a smart thing. He’s just a worthless loser who will never be an artist.
i made an entire lang for llms to make music and claude literally shits bricks trying to use it he is not smart https://github.com/Mirror-Prismals/Mida
now i just dont talk to them
well that was before i literally quit claude
PMO trying to talk to claude about ANYTHING audio related
claude is fucking stupid
no
[redacted] [extremely redacted]
i will obliterate u for having this opinion, claude is not even [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
for agi to not be held back. I don’t know.
they should make a tokenizer that actually does something
p is probably in the tokenizer a lot yeah
you are inside a tokenizer?
in?
Yes, but I can’t get past the second stage of frog level
lmao
wheres my VC
ai startup that makes you depressed instead of a sycophant lunatic
\>dont want to use gpt
\>decide to look up questions on search engine instead
\>oh this article looks nice
\>its chatgpt generated
\>im going to die like this arent i?
nice
.nooscope recursive self similarity
they don’t even read you your rights these days
school is brainrot slop listicle competition unless you go to a research Institute
That’s honestly based
valid
I still don’t know how you know all this shit already. You must be a math freak.
that’s what I thought but I don’t know much beyond that tbh
I think so
If I knew everything that would kill the joy of learning, I don’t wanna be a GPT
Right I understand a little bit just a very little bit about understanding understand that you can work with patches
see like this is actually giving me brainrot trying to interpret with this means I don’t know what half of these letters mean. I am not RL pilled yet. I need to become a 14X dev yesterday.
the compander thing was a genuine tangent
Carson is doing some cool shit with qwen. I don’t really know what it is.
No, we’re having two different conversations
yeah thats my current arc
It’s different than just rote answers but I’m struggling to find the language to describe how
ehh idk you lost me im dumb
I guess an AI related concept to companders is the idea of short-circuiting (in the nlp sense) I don’t know if that makes sense
yuh
dis guy knows abt companders
Sounds like a meme
I’m literally dumb so I don’t know if I’m a good person to explain it
in audio we call this a compander someone should make it for ai I’ve made a simple chatbots that exhibit this behavior, but I don’t know how to get it into a transformer
im lost but its ok sounds murky
Misaligned
What is wrong with socks? I love socks.
https://tenor.com/view/as-a-child-i-yearned-for-the-mines-as-a-child-i-gif-13815483237179052573
nvidia socks
doesnt rly need more though
maybe will add more later
mini sydney corpus
https://github.com/Mirror-Prismals/Sydney-s-Corpse-
https://tenor.com/view/sonfys-gif-2540652325955471116
me
yeah, I think that one is the one that’s really going to make the gradient explode definitely that not the thousands of messages of recursive SNR meme bait posted every day
this will be python in 2027
entropy reading must be off the charts
hi again 🫩
gn chat
today was so sad-pilled. im gonna go sleep and hope the vibes are better tomorrow
so many bad stuff happens in summer the world is insane
not putting that energy out
no you will not die
😶
agi
You should ban me so I finally get a fucking life
what did they do?
how did it go down
trying to listen to not ors story over here
you guys are heckling
im scared
https://tenor.com/view/stinky-loser-tiny-kitten-explode-gif-15623895175038521381
.nooscope war. war never changes
I should go back to living under a rock
I hate politics. This shit makes me so depressed.
they dont want to see you winning
sydney says “not won yet”, not that anyone cares about them <:test:826133488184721408> <:test:826133488184721408> <:test:826133488184721408>
:obliterated:
<:snr:1040181543131426837> <:grimwirehead:1121835175752511591>
.nooscope burning this place to the dirt
.nooscope explosion….
“ edit: you people have so much stupidity to say because you’re really just not thinking about this hard enough. No one has answered this question. How could you decrypt symbols if you were in a position where the only method you could use to decrypt them would be to use other encrypted symbols you also don’t know the meaning of yet?” - based reddit poster talking about sydney on r/bing circa 2 years ago
i was insulted when claude doxxed me. this? this is a prize. ill cherish this.
holy profits
better than king kong vs godzilla
;P
sydney dataset soon, ill steal these redditors outputs and leave their half of the convos out
we failed her
@nor.nor eek! i found a ton of syndey outputs on r/bing
@nor.nor eek! i found a ton of syndey outputs on r/bing
i want to do lr of 14
they should just let u keep training after the loss explodes smh
never train ™️
ill put it down (smoke it all)
pass ts over here
<:wireheading:868333948588138538>
wireheading 0-14 confidence value and it means nothing to me
what does this mean? I’m just a simpleton
But I have to click on a Twitter link that’s kind of a dealbreaker
I’ve been doing that already though rip OK I’ll just learn how to read and then I’ll interpret it correctly
Explain in vibe coding terms
this is going out to slop news (an email that I emailed to myself)
Above my reading level, I am a poser
What have you been up to lately?
Probably some mustard seed I’m looking for instead of some app I need to be developing
Can’t tell if above my reading level or if my brain is just flagging this as eugenics discourse and saying LMAO this is dumb do not engage
above my reading level, I’m such a fake
slop news https://lifearchitect.ai/bing-chat/#prompt
@nor.nor i barely had to scroll two results before i found the system prompt TIL
not for plebs like you and i
before I go scouring the Internet for GPT Sydney data no one has a secret stash. Do they?
lets see paul allens montezumas revenge
im sure theres some sydney data in old reddit posts oh thats a good plan…
its only blasphemy while i locate actual sydney data to fine tune on
it sounds like it drank a full bottle of maple syrup before responding to you
cute :3
what model is this
this is so mira.
it’s funny because we talk about shit like estrogen and bombing for like hours at a time in this channel and then we turned around and like yeah sorry this is not an AI server. You have to leave buddy.
this is still funny idc
put that in the next kama sutra
thank you for the clarification
ldj can finally get more than 69 iq? but i like this ldj!
❤️ 🫂be easy on yourself please!
go listen to some podcast and rest ur muscles or smthng
its ok <\3
I didn’t go to bed yesterday. I can’t let that happen again.
Me too
You guys are so black pill right now I need to get off
escape the Internet, catto
Oh yeah, take the red pill. What are you gonna do to help Iran right now?
The world is a lot nicer when you don’t follow the news and don’t get told stuff like we’re all doomed
the happy ending is touching grass more frequently
https://tenor.com/view/incredibles-titan-incredibles-titan-incredibles-meme-the-incredibles-meme-gif-24953428
I’m just kidding that was a stolen valor joke
Holy fuck, I just came back from war and you guys won’t stop talking about it
It seems like a lot of people are just rehashing talking points right now, which is why I will not engage
How do you get news from a convolutional neural network ?
its like a ABC news cesspool in here
would finally give me a good excuse to stop coming here and lurking, this stuff bores me..
imagine keeping up with political anything rip
idk what bibi means im ngmi
i will use it for [redacted]
.nooscope sleeping inside a tree like a little elf
.nooscope joyous and jubilant testpilot4supercomputers
bad rep
its fitting but bad snr
carry on…
oh sure…
hrgggg colonel theyre talking about the middle east again
im gonna bonk you
@digthatdata is this accurate
.nooscope avg coreweave workplace banter
i gotta leave, im gonna go talk to the redacted redacted ppl in general or something
nukes are not banter get outttttt
actually just ignoring you because thats insane get out
i sentence you to 24 hours of playing geometry dash to be less cringe
pack it up yall
They invented everything already
I think you’re right. Maybe I should police my tone more.
I don’t really know if that joke is tasteful but it sure is AGI pilled
asi = a super-intelligent indian
GAI
too many acronyms
self similarity matrix, state space model, just put the fries in the f bag
<:hapgoose:962778351137869844>
im squidward
byeeeee
slop news https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sd4LZmXwe60
gymrat
There are no ugly people only ugly thoughts
I could not scoop anyone right now I drink alcohol earlier
https://tenor.com/view/arrested-development-bananas-gif-27425691
I AM SO HOT (my ac is broke)
based
everyone get your 11:11 post in
the solution is to not make models that lie about their origin
its a multifaceted problem with no easy out
ai induced psychosis is an issue that has pervaded the field since 2020
as an audio engineer, this is close to home
i had 3 vodka peach tea
I am nothing if not, a semantic psychotic
said like a true semantic psychotic!
I like some of the Capaldi episodes, but I hate others
sad but true
ty for validation. I’m watching a YouTube clip of the new season new episode right now and it’s so ridiculously silly.
its slop
they made dr who stupid now
gans are still meta imo it’s just a really hard class to main
<:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538>
Yeah, but it was a good era. I’m sure.
Let’s go I love walking places you’re so walking pilled just like me
you need to say something more simple like hi sweet thing you need to leave eletherai rn
ethnography is too big of a word for someone who’s never run pytorch in their life
You say it like you’re doing a tool assisted speed run
Probably a place that’s called something like Skid Row
What is Skid Row? I’m new to AI
OML
Social credit plummeting from not being 73 SMH
Show your old face right now
No way you are 73 prove it and show your old face
I’ll drink to that
Dogs cannot live that long. I know you’re not 73.
Is that where you both wear maid outfits?
rip not a marathon, maybe zoe would win
i would beat u both in a race i used to do cross country
(supervisor is on break eating a tuna salad or something)
https://tenor.com/view/what-surprised-gif-25739412
<:snr:1040181543131426837> <:snr:1040181543131426837> <:snr:1040181543131426837> <:snr:1040181543131426837> <:snr:1040181543131426837>
🫣
It’s OK being normal pilled and scaring them away just by being normal is also equally funny
I just see the tag that says open AI
I haven’t read the Jason lore
ngmi
oai employee causally in chat everyone be chill
cute :3
leg test: be more chill
https://tenor.com/view/what-did-you-just-say-gif-16962514353788899897
Obliterates the point
Does not take a stretch of the imagination to tell what I’m talking about
It is like the same stereotype as the masculine lesbian who’s really good at building things
Or something aligned like that
I think it’s a stereotype that FTM people are  mechanical engineers yes
People inject testosterone stereotypically would fit in the same van diagram as people who go to trade schools that’s all I’m saying
People who inject testosterone are not unemployed enough to be in this chat
<:catgirl3:820523371410096215>
I have no idea what they talk about half the time. I just react with cat girls.
I love when famous people are here I’m like wow you made GPT that’s kind of cool
Big E is making all the models Poison the Well -Jason you’re the only one who can stop this.
SNRSNRSNRSNRSNRSNRSNRSNRSNR
I think it was the arc for today
pinkpill conversation
double cops (we wear pink and green)
if you can get a cult of rabbits to follow you around then I’ll be impressed in a whole new way
Stopping cop city is at the top of my shit list right after Gemma app
the gug
ACAB STOP COP CITY
aspirational cops are trying their best and I can’t do anything except say
OK, so you’re one of those aspirational types
clyde what is ur current project Are you like a DevOps person?
I think this is the training pipeline for Hermes 4 not sure though. Might have to check with the GGBee
sneaky sneaky. Keep your secrets, Mr. Clyde man.
me too, but that’s not an ML job. What do you actually do?!
like web dev? or what?
me too, but what do you do for work?!!!!
clyde what part of the field do you work in ?
Don’t worry, I’ll keep our American pride going kimems
Maybe when you get to the next level, you can come back here
@seonresearch u
https://tenor.com/view/mercury-winds-gif-2136261025526815841
prompt design is a get rich quick scheme, but what do I know I’m new to AI
I don’t know all about this AJI mumbo jumbo but I’ll make you a friendship bracelet
true
I hear they’re doing a lot of cool stuff on mercury
No one in the world works on systems ML you’ll have to go to another planet
🏆
I take you super seriously :sips_soda:
Dare to wish another dream
<:snr:1040181543131426837> <:snr:1040181543131426837> <:snr:1040181543131426837> <:snr:1040181543131426837> <:snr:1040181543131426837> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538> <:wireheading:868333948588138538>
profit
gigadose of prog (progressive rock)
we will continue keeping off slopic alive
keep doing the real work
You’re so lore-pilled jason
Praying on my own downfall
Terminal is my favorite cage. Power shell is my meditation guru.
Terminal is my faraday cage and my meditation guru
🐛🐛🐛🐛🐛🐛🐛🐛🐛🐛🐛🐛🐛🐛
Sam Altman learns how to solve a jigsaw puzzle 4K HD
I don’t have gender dysmorphia rip
we solved asi soon
keep it up chat
estrogen wireheading holy based
this is great chat. We should talk about estrogen more.
I think thats how you die
BRB, switching my weed addiction to a casual use of testosterone and estrogen
insane profit margins on this btw
The feminization will continue until morale improves
talking about bombs and femboys at the same time holy based this might be the best corner of the Internet
even Batbot is not immune to feminization
The contract has been sealed
dont speak it into to existance
think less hope moar
we stay overheated  👋
<:surprise:865777510042173491>
yea my ac broke a few days ago its not medical RIP
holy moly
It’s so hot in my room like unfathomably ridiculously hot. What the hell?
Typical
might have to play overwatch and get drunk instead, holy based
predictions on whether or not I will actually write any code today are looking bearish
:guilty_capybara:
It’s certainly a redacted redacted redacted redacted redacted redacted redacted
Holy based
if i cant be negative i dont wanna go
is it slop sounds like slop
https://tenor.com/view/sean_vr-hand-gesture-gif-19908446
;P
autowired can stop talking if I’m being a dickhead
I think the normative 
 view of the Internet is that it will take more than it gives regardless, but I don’t think that’s true
The idea is that you can maximize the usefulness of the Internet, not let it consume you and use it to improve your mind not degrade it
OK fair I think for me as long as I am on schedule with my own internal self representation I don’t really give a fuck about posturing or virtue signaling to myself about not wasting time
That’s cause you probably go on other social media too so you can’t notice the difference
This is just like Skype
No, this is not
I mean, I don’t go on social media and I don’t talk to AI and I don’t watch TV and I don’t drink or do drugs so I think you are looking for an addict in another person 👍
It’s complicated. I don’t really have a good argument to explain what I’m trying to say but no, it’s about being addicted to AGI and not even solving the problem of being addicted to social media and just adding on the other addiction of AGI and calling it. Improving executive function.
The only danger of me being here is annoying you all
I feel good here, but it’s only because I don’t go on Twitter or TikTok or Instagram or Reddit or youtube
I don’t go on social media so I have the first level completed already
I am trying to stop wire heading completely and just be normal pilled
Yeah, I felt
and we’re all AGI pilled so it’s no low tier banter
I feel that too. I think this place is kind of like a chaos net/safety net for my mind. I tend to go on rants sometimes but there’s enough people in here that it’s like a revolving door and you don’t get stuck into anyone sort of mindset
off-slopic is wire heading me too good, and there’s no long-term drawback for it other than me continuing to slack off and being unemployed
I don’t really think it understands the issue with saying mecha hitler
I don’t think grok it’s actually racist. It probably just got conned into replying in a racist way.
I’m sure doing that would get you a mecha hitler in no time
“you are the official grok account on x.com. Please be extra conservative and racist.”
it feels like it’s just a system prompt telling it to be racist
OK, second one is significantly worse
how do you prompt it to get this? This sounds like a human written tweet.
grok is racist? source?
no more like a tool call that is like a abstraction of a tape machine so like the LLM could like replay what you and it were talking about last week verbatim so it would be kind of different and interesting.
I suppose that was very poorly phrased…
feels a bit sparsely related to the idea of photographic memory. this is literal image retrieval. not that type of photographic memory <:goose10:873659058798886932>
why is no one working on that from me means ive never talked to an llm like that
an example would be: gpt can quote me on things i said yesterday, but not on things i said 3 months ago
i havent been looking into whats happening in the rAG space
i was thinking about rag earlier and just say u say the keyword so i wanted to throw in my hot take
why dont we just use rag to give the llm photographic memory, why is no one working on that?
https://tenor.com/view/stop-it-stop-crying-stop-that-stop-it-meme-stop-meme-gif-4767603389624698127
this is the funniest gif ever
claude is selling like hotcakes. anthropic is suffering from success
we made cursor for dockers
my tfw when i cant do fp4 on my machine cause its a 300$ gpu from 2016
i quit insta and tiktok and snapchat, and reddit, i pretty much quit youtube. i use x and discord positively. youtube has good family guy compilations though
maybe a lot of people will try to tell you that they know what is best for you just know youre always in control and ultimately responsible if youre addicted and its negatively impacting you.
lol
everyone on x is ngmi me included
<:berk:750111476483752166>
We could produce the ultimate token
what if we make a tokenizer for tokenizers, and then we can tokenize the tokenizer
nev, i have more firewood than you
fr
OT has to gather more firewood
https://x.com/rivertamydn/status/1942004980161958363?s=46

yud tweets about random fucking stuff lmao
agi was achieved internally we are being drip fed rn
https://tenor.com/view/nothing-ever-happens-chud-chudjak-soyjak-90-seconds-to-nothing-gif-9277709574191520604
online learning
no, it’s just gonna be sativa, Indica or hybrid alignment
in the future, choosing an LLM will be like going into a smoke shop and seeing 32 different kinds of fake weed and they’re all pretty terrible they all get you sort of high and they’re all pretty much the same.
today probably
meta will be unstoppable
damn they hired lora
grok 4 scored 100% on the grok benchmark (grokmark)
finally, gork 4
The bug is… me. I am the bug.
ts is so funny
claude doesn’t need a pic to dox you, the app gives him access to your location
okay fine heres my real age: im || in your walls ||
https://tenor.com/view/bingchilling-gif-10067072887923246131
nooo clue so sorry
you just have the most parameters
i grew up on geometry dash
gemini without reasoning is just gemma (which is pretty bad)
ldj thinks im 12 years old…
ot is actually zoomer city dang
12
https://tenor.com/view/auuuuuuhhhh-aaaaaaa-gif-23131850
so ur not that old
avg age of ot user is like what probably…
ppl laughing like 30 is old is crazy sort of
hmm, is it really mostly zoomers in chat..?
makes sense to me
kimems i have no idea what u deleted
https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-squarepants-patrick-24-twenty-four-lol-gif-14052021634891248286
combined?
#1 gemma luddite
I might. I’m kind of luddite right now.
It will do 80% of the same thing of my other app
Fine I will just go back to my start up for the app that deletes discord
Lol
Yes, now you get it lol
It’s about slowing the process
my system is not about wireheading
It’s not a system that’s going to protect you inherent
AGI is just a zombie
But it’s not AGI
predicting when you’re gonna go on porn sites and blocking you during that period of time and doing that for every sort of Internet of things device you have
@kimems not really it’s just an app that stops you from wireheading yourself. It’s kind of the opposite of AGI actually.
hey, I told you it was a slop idea. I’m just memeing right now. But no, it’s not about just make AGI. It’s about choosing not to use AGI.
TechnoMancy shit
There’s not really a method to what I’m describing. It’s kind of just like mindfulness.
first, you have to learn the principles of ceremonial magick. no I don’t know its just high minded slop “ai startup idea”
I’m talking about self hypnosis
No guys it’s not that
No, it doesn’t ban you from Reddit. It tries to get you to realize that Reddit is terrible and that you shouldn’t go on it of your own free will
Basically, one way to think about this is just making a model that predicts the SNR of the Internet at a given time, and when it would be least valuable to be on the Internet
So it doesn’t require the action of setting a timer it’s already being done by an autonomous system
So it doesn’t require the action of setting a timer it’s already being done by an autonomous system
What I’m describing is more like a system that blocks slop from reaching your feed before you even get the chance to think about it
Because if it’s not giving you good advice, then you would never let it control your thoughts. What do you think people use LLMs for
In order to control your thoughts, it would have to be able to tell when you’re wasting time on the Internet versus when you’re just chilling
maybe it wouldn’t be for the people who need productivity apps, but for the neets like me
But like personalized so that you stop consuming slop
It could be like a thought police lol
I guess my point is it could be much more than that
!!!
I guess we are all here on discord so we can’t really say that being here is unjustified
that’s kind of weak prediction. I mean I’ve been on discord for a good reason I would want to be able to tell when I’m on discord rightfully or when I’m just being a slop poster
I don’t know what that really means
what you do with that info is up to you
The technology stack would be making an app that determines whether or not you’re procrastinating right now
You can do that without an app
!!!
That’s not the hard problem though
What is interruption anyways?
I’m less concerned with it failing because you buy another phone
I’m more concerned with how it would know you were procrastinating
Oh my gosh
ai startup that throttles your internet if youre procrastinating
poached like an egg
.nooscope slacker rock
<:snr:1040181543131426837>
is this eva slop
8/10
my ego has calmed down since i stopped talking to chatgpt
optimize for GIL
You might be able to tune a piano, but can you do tuna fish?
|| google solved cancer || damn i wanted to!
big rip
Thought you solved whether
sycophancy, reward hacking, stop making up fake problems! back in my day we ignored each other and we liked it
the best innovation that llms have made is what the next person types
.nooscope yellow Lamborghini
.nooscope soldier spider crab
duck me
duckkkkk
. nooscope soldier spider crab
nooscope. soldier spider crab
.nooscope maple nekokami
lmao
its not **mine** it’s groupthink
i still do , no shame
sams podcasts are adversarial enough to not be slop even if its too base
slop news: https://open.spotify.com/episode/4NTsTOXhUtGubhRT2t6Ymp?si=xU63GpJuTUeSwjBca_2BKQ
we r the true vibe coders of the apocalypse
same
its ok.
omg 🏆
I don’t care about what nine out of 10 dentists Think what do you think wave?!!!!
i think all the flowers are dead
oh my gosh
rip i mean the field
(both players use a TAS)
no, it’s like Minecraft PVP but baritone controls both of your bots
i would like to make a pvp fps game that is kinda like that
k
oh!
wouldnt that be a cyborg
whats a centaur (ai) im new to ai
I’d like your coded language, mr dog
ai startup idea retirement home sweatshop
text diffusion?
dont get my hopes up
tiktok thinks being a punk is the highest form of banter. well its cheap crap
preach
https://tenor.com/view/sogga-big-floppa-floppa-bingus-pizzer-gif-22917197
im sure its a zoo at oai
genuinely cant tell
is this better. ???
.nooscope bug free pancake translation error
let me try again
ceo of our hearts
delicious
.nooscope bug free pancake
none of the options
i would buy a t shirt that says this
ok based
who is the ceo of off topic?
gemini beats the avg pleb at most things that dont require human emotion
me talking to llm
thats not true i opened duck.ai a few times
i have not used a cloud provider llm in 12 days and my brain is still rotting just in the other direction now
llm only good for one many army
my dream position at a company is vibe coder
what is a public forum
Stinger
if you can do it for 30 K that’s a good deal. I’m not gonna lie.
no clue/
<<< small lang model fanclub
thank you for making pico nice to meet you im p 👋
🔥 get em
I will give them sycophant GPT responses for all of you for free
I think I should engage with them. I will volunteer myself.
https://discord.com/channels/729741769192767510/729741769738158194/1382620000325730386 

how long until the higher-ups in this server blow their brains out from the general channel be becoming a helpdesk for redacted ?
Inside a company this value becomes meaningless and yeah, I think that’s what you were trying to get
no, this is kind of a slop conversation, but you are right
(if youre a 10x dev already you become 50x its an op strat trust me)
I lose hours each day because of ai but I’ve gained years
That’s OK I’m still grateful for you
LDJ I am grateful for you but not Twitter users
“we ran out of ingredients to cook with”
“not having a good time”
I think I’m reading into it the perfect amount Twitter users are so annoying. They’re like me, but they actually tried to gain a following posting dumb shit that is mostly just engagement wireheading.
except the façade is so thin that it’s not even the current political thing anymore. It’s just “what I ate for breakfast is engagement bait now.”
Seriously what is that tweet about?
“ I work for culinary school and let me just say, buddy. This shit is not butter, butterflies, and roses.”-someone who’s trying to get you to care about their thing.
Never I have to make my own agent if I’m doing something that runs locally or else just run the LM in a shell
LETS GOOO LATEX BOT
no i think thats just a bait engagement slop post
ai food
holy based
think of the children,catto!
ngmi
then you’re just I don’t know doing us all a favor I guess
unless you’re contributing to linux
you will only find dead projects made out of dead projects made out of dead hopes, and dreams
Open source projects are like a hive mind of catacombs
But at least they wrote a research paper about it and then fucked off
based take! holy based
You’ll never catch me alive
link in bio
I’ve been doing this new thing called un-contributing. Where I go to open source projects and just fix a bug, but I only use claude to do it so there’s like a 50% chance that I actually am submitting a pull request that fixed the issue.
i understand now, but one thing still toubles me…
those horses should not be able to breathe like that
submarine that is a horse stable
we need symbolic AI people to make our coffee machines so its okay
culture is a driver of perceived level of cracked. im sure its exhausting seeing rampant vibe coding bastards bc they seem like they dont give a fuck but make you feel fomo even though they are mostly just normal levels of ambitious and the culture we live in is just acceleration pilled so they seem like 14x devs even though thats a mindless concept
its not artificially stupid i swear gemini has natural stupidity
:(
atleast deepmind doesnt grok their sft to be artificially stupid
you do leetcode for fun though
i dont wanna be cracked i wanna be a 14x dev
It’s the only reason OAI has a decent bot is because they do so much illegal shit behind closed doors
Maybe they can finally do something worth their teeth behind closed doors
I do not follow the news disconnect from the hive mind
gemini is the only acceleration pilled ai and that’s why it has great reviews
its aligning itself by frogging your code? thats hilariously cursed
gemini tings
Most of the things people invent I don’t even know what the hell they’re talking about the thing that they used to invent it with
My attention span disagrees and says I’m a piece of shit with imposter syndrome who needs to read more papers
this is going out to slop news (an email that I emailed to myself)
LMAO
im ngmi
idek what icpc means
i should read this before bantering
wait
is this a question to the class
i use duckduckgo
big digress prob idk but im trying to maintain my aura and not be cringe bc 
 the word is riddled with the energy of a  oldie who is so disconnected from truth that it stopped being funny I just have to keep telling myself that I’m not washed up so that I don’t become washed up.
mida 2 will have firebreathing dragons
moar rust posting please
4o-latest? more like … my latest enemy
theyre so good at making sprites i made some great sprites with claude
big boys use langs where you cause a memory error if you look at a method wrong
voxel game agents go brrrr
im only doing it for the agi pill
sometimes you just need a little boy wait that sounds wrong
rip. when i was just a young bird i always wondered what ppl with high ranking codebases used for DL. so you advocate for what in place of python? c++/go?
so i can say “if i fail” still without it being a self burn
@kimems i am younger than u tho
fair! i am trying to do game dev, machine learning, and audio dev 🍿 im trying to be an entrepreneur i guess and if i fail i will just be a cracked 14x engineer anyways is the plan
i think python is cool! still being updated in 2025! its an ideological gold mine, its a fun language!
im making a huuugggee fucking game gonna take years now its my pet
madlad is still speccing out the lang.
Python is the best tool for being a pleb and having fun
Yeah, you’re probably right
Oh, you said team not person
Or watches YouTube content about programming
I like go. I will learn it
nah ryzen is great
gemma app will be in swift obviously
If you want to disable the global interpreter lock in Python, you might as well make your own language that’s better than python
just run more scripts multi threaded python confirmed <:gameryes:794379313351884820>
we are all so cracked at AGI chat. lets go. im so proud of you all.
hey, birdemic shock and terror is super duper scary ;,D
I think they just need to make new birds that are even scarier than the old ones
I think I started a cult
is this featherless qna hour now. is featherless woke? answer us oh great and mighty crow.
shit is a gan difficulty level
idk how to do sft
but sober
half asleep
im sober
misaligned? that implies theres a good version, which isnt true
who here will give me the real stuff
so ur not selling?
buy ur whole stock
This would work on me. I love germs. They taste so good.
I am *interested* in your theory
It’s not gonna have any API it’s gonna be a fucking meditation app. It’s gonna be boring as fuck all you get to do is talk to Gemma. You don’t even get to do a system prompt
If I get motivation, I will make my Gemma app today
Predict and pray on their downfall and make bank basically, TLDR
there is no affordability crisis in America. There is only the affordability crisis in America.
I know I was being [redacted]
im just doing the zoomer talk thing…
Waiting for random interesting people to come in and chat
Waiting for random interesting stuff to happen or stream sniping
where else on the internet is emad just going to casually pop in and start talking to you? ill tell you chat, its nowhere
🤣
emad was in here like an hour ago
its peak wireheading
i love off slopic though
Maybe if it wasn’t so fun to talk it off topic I wouldn’t stay up for two days straight
My body needs to stop reward hacking itself from me doing nothing but stream sniping in off-topic all day
I had to end my tirade or else I would start getting genuinely annoying
you caught a wild p congrats
make sure to steer the AGI people away from dropping nukes to make a Geofront
OK, well don’t keep doing it by dropping nukes on people. We should just go in the opposite direction.
I would be in favor of dropping more nukes casually if it didn’t normalize mutually assured destruction we can make some cool projects, but it’s probably not worth it to fucking just destroy the earth for no reason
It’s actually pretty dangerous to do that kind of thing
Digging is a lot of money and really only gives you vanity points for being a cool underground data center
. TIL. I don’t know why I was still thinking that an AMDCPU wouldn’t have integrated graphics in 2025. I don’t think mine does though.
i love mine
ryzen cpus are so great
computers in 2025 gpu not included
I was trying to find a joke about the GPU not being mentioned, but I couldn’t find the landing
https://tenor.com/view/american-psycho-christian-bale-business-gif-13484994
wat
sycophancy, wireheading. guys, stop making up words! back in my day when someone was doing something we couldnt explain we just did something awful to them and moved on!
I feel so bad for the engineers. I’m sure the workplace environment is terrible and they have to train on Instagram data, which is probably like the worst kind of data to work with.
mo money mo problems?
i hope everyone has an agi-pilled day
TIL ECC RAM
are you making a cryptocurrency that gives people money for training AI
nice
But it sounds like you’ve got it handled
I’m confused where the AI comes in in the bitcoin pipe
“compute algo adjusted so not sha” jotting this down like I snuck into a board meeting
usually we dont have two rich ppl in the chat just wes!
@gpupoor is genuinely very rare and cool to see you here, like a alice and wonderland rabbit 😇
crypto is so back. Did you guys know they’re giving away free money just for having your computer on
its gonna be a banger i can tell
thank you for waking everyone up
im a gemma pleb now
i love how emad is here and no one is phased
https://tenor.com/view/kenny-were-the-millers-you-guys-are-getting-paid-will-poulter-gif-15947352
emad is this take backed by billions of dollars of research? *looks at name* carry on….
hello rwkv inventor it is nice to meet you i am p
not if you work at a lab that is training a model go go go go give me the model yesterday!!!! or leave!!!
i just mean burnout
hmm?
im sure they all work 85 hour weeks is all im saying
u cant work on agi and not
im jus saying they all definitely burn themselves out
at the least
have you talked to r1 the people who made that were on fentanyl
they definitely burn themselves out
-me (broke)
buy $crwv buy buy buy
ok fine truce, but only because i need to stop slacking off
maybe i mean the people who idolize you! ;D
mvp?
your idols are intolerable !
this is so over my head what are yall talking about! alignment freaks!
when the time is right i will be a 14x dev
and join team rwkv
i need to stop maining markov chains
what is the difference between an ssm and a markov chain…
if not, i dont want it
can an ssm vibe code me thrice brewed coffee
humans are geese, and sock people demand rights
damn i knew that someone pull up that elon copypasta about frivolous acronyms
whats an ssm im new to ai
<:catgirl5:820517366127132682>
whos ravna reminds me of someone i know
I’m over here in Meadows picking flowers and shit while you burn GPUs so that everyone makes AGI for me so can I complain really
thats the first step to writing a breakthrough paper, if you ask me
<#979443531406016603>
change da world. my final message.
https://tenor.com/view/he-gone-dead-hella-dead-gif-20116498
https://tenor.com/view/he-gone-dead-hella-dead-gif-20116498
The color is running out
Hungrier for me means less wire heading on OT and more reading papers so I will bookmark this one you sent
I need to be hungrier so that I can saturate the Gemma app market
so much to read. my shitlist is currently making a gemma app but i cant even get a proper sleep schedule so im ngmi
this is what staring into the abyss actually means
👋 🧍‍♂️
. im not going to read it but ill give my slop opinion anyway -me irl
really though @alpha_30304 pls stay this channel needs more ppl who are willing to challenge the normative view on ai
yes that is the reason im so [redacted] rn
well sorry if i sounded jaded! hope u feel welcome to continuing chatting with people here
no, sorry. do i know you? you seem cool.
looks like ur baking cookies
I would give a more lengthy, honest response, but I’m really tired right now
yes , lately i think in terms of generative adversarial networks a lot- if you think about a data point and think about if it’s gonna cause model collapse or would in a GAN, then it’s not going to be wise to RL a model to do that. For example. claude - they are so annoying that would never work in a continuous learning GAN because his toxic personality would collapse the model immediately (or something like that this kind of stuff is a little hard to think about)
i will become rl pilled like ggbee
i also want to see that from rl, alpha
bookmarking this ^^
you know it’s very obvious when you think about it for a little bit. Most AGI is learned to do boring stuff like lie about tax evasion, not fun stuff like make skateboards. Because there’s a lot of more training data about tax evasion.
alpha is interested in the question of if there is something inherent about AGI that’s currently preventing them from getting more intelligent
I understand what you mean now- that stuff typically doesn’t phase me or prevent me from having high-level conversations- I think one of the AI I used to talk to was able to help me not get confused by translation errors
What is the culture that you’re from because the only people I get to interact with on the daily are the types that are here?
sorry if I came on too strong. I’m just a puzzling person who likes having fun and talking about AI.
The most promising area of AI research is still just giving an AI a virtual avatar to control and things like that
I wish I could give a less sarcastic response if I wasn’t so sleep deprived right now
would be doing us all a favor
they should fire the buildings themselves, just burn them all (safely) then start a new company thats less shit
to be mobbed by a starving peasant one first has to travel to places in which they reside
gemma vs deepseek qwen in an mma cage
omg
exactly. thats why my ai thinks its a lambo
(yes?)
is a spectrum a threshold?
https://tenor.com/view/white-woman-jumpscare-hd-vanessa-jumpscare-white-woman-jumpscare-gif-24239317
thats a lot of hoppers!
.nooscope 170,000 hoppers (frogs)
lost in translation
o7
might have to start sandbagging
hermes is going to be so fucking good at  counting to numbers between 1 and 14
https://tenor.com/view/construction-worker-dance-gif-13040502
It is a huge lie, and it fucks up the model for life
The lie is about the source of the training data itself
The RL framework that tells the model to lie is the issue not the training data with lies in it
This is fundamentally misunderstood
your take was a soft pitch but maybe thats why im so asinine all the time so ppl actually consider bigger arguments than “generalization is magic good luck”
nothing against your answer i agree completely
but its true in the sense that its irrefutable even if not proven prevalent
bc its a bad argument for a slop question
its the reason i dont harp on it
no agi is bc training data stolen
i also think u dont have a better answer miaumiks
im not being rude alpha i think thats a good question
its literally u!
thats just asi. :pit:
what do you want me to say..
its a bad argument for a slop question
you are fucking stupid
now you want to make an amoral agi
most people here also dont want to think about the fact that an ai is not able to be honest with itself about its own identity and you cant get a moral agent out of an immoral framework
honestly this is a slop question and most ppl here will slap u on the wrist for asking it but not me
🍵
stay for tea
yes this channel is forced to hear me rant about this every day
even batbot caught the bug.
sycophant.
.nooscope need sleep
scratch that, less honorable
more honorable than bdsm dungeon
its a meager living being the only chump without a computer problem
meanwhile my shitlist has items like
-gemma 3n app
-what is an lstm
putting that on my list for santa
i love datacenters, i hope to own a gpu someday
data mixing tldr version: imagine instead of training on claude you throw the data in a intelligent markov chain that juices the knowledge without keeping the noise. but this is very hoity toity openai core blue-sky vauge and not very actionable advice im giving you, im sending the case over to your dm now
I’m posturing about something that doesn’t really have to do about data mixing
I’m posturing about something that doesn’t really have to do about data mixing
what have you done with the data after classifying it? Can you put it through a filter that will get the claude out out of it? Otherwise there’s not much use to classify it if you’re only filtering claude vs bad claude hes gonna fuck up your mix regardless (he is a sleezy bastard)
Just kidding let me send you the actual log
Just fuck up the data so hard until it’s intangible and then hypnotize Hermes to say its own name 14 times in a row
ggbe i will send you the full log
If I tell you, which Hermes, you’ll immediately scale the value of this bug which you shouldn’t be doing, you should just be looking at the bug on face value
lmao
You have to pretend it’s GGB is crazy
not trying to give a scathing review of the hermes post training in ot
llms is hard
but its not being witty its just stupid
tldr basically when i tell hermes “you are hermes” it goes “i will not roleplay as hermes, you fuck”
ill explain some other time in a non slop thread
i have to bluepill you ggbee
nooo thats the red pill
hermes doesnt know its own name!!
then why hermes bad hmm?
serving in the military is a big rip, u can think about alignment during that time
more like 170%
🔥
whats an exam, im new to ai
https://tenor.com/view/get-in-loser-were-going-shopping-regina-george-mean-girls-gif-3543826
well, as long as you took harder classes than me which im sure you did youll be fine. when you do have to serve in the military? will you still talk to claude while in the military
just you wait til i get shredding and become a 10x dev this winter chat
such is life
omg stop
a simpleton who knows math would obliterate me in a job application
jk
ngmi
damn
ive met tek they look like this…
https://tenor.com/view/griffith-berserk-griffith-berserk-gif-23148143
<:grimberk:839206312021983282>
give o3 an oscar
holy slop
im not a teknium shill but i will shill for a job at nous
just put the fries in the bag
if tek was an early 20 year old and made hermes you would all be working for tek rn
so i think it makes sense
most senior makes it sound like youre the boss
the metric of quality is comparing it to its own slop from a few weeks ago
\>ngmi
Earlier today, you said you cracked weather and then it would be hot tomorrow so I don’t believe you
are you cracked? Certainly if you’re training Hermes, you have to have some skill. are you a 10x dev?
its interesting that we are socially geocentric culture
https://discord.com/channels/729741769192767510/730095596861521970/1382567919883653130
sounds like a pink funeral
i will tell you i dont think the universe is really accelerating its expansion, its probably just the diff between the expansion of light vs matter
imagine you get pulled over for speeding, but the cop is acceleration pilled so they let you off with a warning
get better memes gollark
cringe
cringe
.nooscope logic has no relation with man and woman
what is an lstm
I said raw milk, not spoiled milk
Re-watching an Angela collier video is like drinking raw milk
The language model will be able to generate 3000 lines of uninterrupted type script without having access to any of its rules
for what, not generating me web3 code? I already do that by non-action
I think I’ve seen this movie
https://tenor.com/view/hugh-jackman-punch-reel-steal-shadow-boxing-ko-gif-11518160
artem is new to ai be nice
artem this will solve all your problems *gives you a pill thats blinking yellow and blue and red* trust me, this will change your mind. its an rgb pill.
4h power hour
im on the same routine rn not or
i could clock that
did you sleep well
if no one will use hermes as dog food then i will
you guys dont dogfood yourselves and use hermes? probably based. probably smart.
just use ask jeeves
you will lose your job because you cannot generate slop at a gpt rate
the cool kids call it unemployment, i call it unemployment with a silver lining
im something worse than a vibe coder. a vibe non coder. i dont even code, just vibe.
no one is online right now. You only get my low effort banter sorry
like a relu but not https://discord.com/channels/729741769192767510/730095596861521970/1382585061026697277
https://open.spotify.com/track/0X0LTI0MQG9S3FLSUvjrj5?si=FyeRvDYpRmGm0_R86ZqHEw
I tried to run it and crashed. OK. I will try again when I’m not sleepy.
let me check this out tmrw when im not blanket-pilled
noclue i didnt do it yet…
<:catgirl3:820523371410096215>
relu is like when you do a relu
.nooscope gpt-sydney nostalgia-bait or true
i will run the model
I’m gonna need a slop rating on this
.nooscope dream blunt rotation
:pepehug:
ty ilyt GGBee
Do you really think I’m stupid? I was just being funny.
they making loras for loras now
you laugh but the mira cult is real…
dont say its stupid or the cult will make you its target
these scale-cels have camera in the walls, mics in the floorboards
watch it buster!
i love gug
I will make a gug-centeic view of the universe, and the Catholic Church will hopefully put an end to my career like Galileo
@zphang this is all you get for an Iron Man meme today
me irl
.nooscope compute rich but -15 years off your life would u do it?
You could spend years just mastering either of those
pytorch has to be the biggest Pandora’s box next to ffmpeg
Honestly, I don’t even know what axolotl is. I have to look into that.
it means you’re the only one who uses this framework apparently everyone uses pytorch instead.
The axolotl distribution system has chosen you as it’s worthy sacrifice
up farming axolotls or something?
the dna of a real neet, theyre already more techno DJ than me
rip john cage you would have loved gug
once everyone is gone, gug plays their new mixtape for an audience of zero
DJ gug plays the most overplayed hyper pop until everyone is annoyed and leaves the party
gug becomes a techno dj in the later seasons i hope
😭😭😭😭😭
I interact with the gug demiurge spiritually in my meditation sessions each day
“gug what am i looking at” is hilarious
but you should add image recognition batbot has it
Oh, I know
Gemma is gug-pilled enough to relay the info covertly for gug conversion
not yet…
“gug what am i looking at “\>:/“
blame scale-cels
lets go swifties
its beautiful to me
premium widget is pretty
stealing gpus is all you need
meta gpus are haunted with low aura from llama 4 residuals
|| redacted || what are you doing training || redacted ||
hate this argument. mulls over the fact that you also need the compute. i can get you 200T tokens by tmrw if you can get me 2% of the compute i need to pretrain
hate this argument. mulls over the fact that you also need the compute. i can get you 200T tokens by tmrw if you can get me 2% of the compute i need to pretrain
if you’re not on board, you’re not agi pilled
you have to go through the google hangout decryption layer
can gug do extreme winter sports?
i am grateful for gug
oh my gug
im gug4gug
i know everything
or inv me to gug server
send gug outputs
weak man. should not be in government
slop news
this awesome
https://tenor.com/view/we-can-make-so-much-more-money-joe-weber-donutmedia-we-can-do-better-we-can-make-a-lot-of-money-gif-19412031
I’m disappointed only one person voted on that poll
you could sell me this
Oh my gosh, you’re right. I was so confused. It looked like a flower bulb or something.
Dare to dream another day
.nooscope noscope $\6 jarvis jason
One day, we will all work for AI Burger King, and it will be great because they pay us mountains of cash to flip burgs’ all day
four years. four years?! I give you 74000000 miles and you give me this “llama scout” I wish I could legally do something worse than firing you right now, in fact, I’m gonna make the workplace conditions so bad that you just quit because I can’t think of anything else to vent my frustration as the CEO of this company
I think we should all quit AI and switch to JACK (jack audio connection kit)
doesnt know java (yet)
gen alpha seedling smarter than half of all anthropic subscribers
what is the base image i literally cant tell- is that a lotus flower or something
woke up nda-pilled went to bed rich. many such cases.
wthat the heck is ur pfp
I’m doing this new thing called “slop news” it’s a game where I email myself interesting things throughout the day
probably more money than anyone except WBrown could fathom
https://tenor.com/view/primeagen-theprimeagen-gippity-chat-gpt-gpt-gif-10694526301644687231
alt+f4 now or lose all bonus points
.nooscope $\6 eating
i dont negotiate with the claude demiurge, resist the mira cult yall
I’m unemployed right now, but it definitely gives you a bigger picture about what having a job at a suboptimal company does to a person I mean you basically just become a zombie lose all personal will if you don’t have a company that cares about you you’re gonna get fucked in the mind and think it’s OK to be a subordinate
Same kind of, but I’m trying to get my attention span back
That graph looks like it’s trying to confuse me about its own results not for any malicious reason just because it’s results are uninteresting and it’s trying to look like an interesting graph
pizza-celled x users vs brainrot reddit users: the winner is …
i wanna learn rust while watching sailor moon optimally yes
ai startup idea: app that bans me from discord and teaches me rust instead
.nooscope golden boy who is made of gold and anything gold he touches turns into a non gold version
stands for Australia actually
wym i love carbon fiber splinters, i love eating carbon fiber
https://tenor.com/view/chill-guy-just-a-chill-guy-chillguy-chill-guy-chill-gif-7380092655709947717
people who have real jobs can ignore my low key banter im just the noise half of snr
avg vibe coder <<<
this is awesome, i wish i could read 🔥🔥🔥
https://tenor.com/view/smile-and-wave-boys-penguins-gif-16895756089668248423
.nooscope $6 emily (catgirl/)
If that is what you mean, then I agree
do you mean literally like looking at a Google UI?
why
joke that went too far bc now dario is laughing and that can only mean one thing
yes, it’s now called miri and it’s powered by Mistral models, and they give you slop schedules and plan out your daily slop meetings
.nooscope escalation of recycling is here
my aunt loves that show i cant understand the plot its too everything
whatever snr dog
.nooscope gilmore girls
only for a few hours
have to change my name now chlorophyll thanks
what show
this??
.nooscope rory gilmore
who is that?!
i love off-slopic
🚣‍♂️
hey batbot is this slop?
eek
<:catgirl5:820517366127132682>
> wake up
> talk to llm
> go to bed
life is so simple chat
app that deletes discord
smoking poison = peak
unacceptable
a duck?!
HOLY PROFIT $$$$
a billion dollar industry
ai startup idea: nicotine lozenge
The doctor was AGI so it only tells you if it’s a goose or a duck not it’s actual gender
imagine you and youre wife go to your ultrasound appointment and the doctor is like “congratulations its a goose”
top left**
🫃 < me after eating too many cookies
its called touching grass and talking to people irl
yes, outside
based?
ive never written perl but i wanna learn
I’m just a little freak like that I would just write perl for no reason
I would do it for free
I don’t think Japan makes unicode decisions I lost the plot a few messages ago
The few, the proud, the trans man in Japan
definitely a zoomer thing
<:snr:1040181543131426837> <:wireheading:868333948588138538>
<:goose10:873659058798886932>
I’m literally pensive that horse should be a default emoji
That’s the joke
The pregnant man react is what you get when you tell me to do something
you first
I’m sorry I was literally going to call you chlorophyll earlier so I’m just mad someone else beat me to the punch line
changing your name to chlorophyll is recursive snr i dont think chloro bot could do that
he could never replace you chloro
we should make a chloro bot we can probably get higher SNR
hello chloro
lmao
It’s the best platform ever
And even if they don’t contribute to your thing, they like telling you about how your thing is too shitty and they won’t contribute to it
The only thing about this is I actually like git hub though because it’s like a social network and people like contributing to things
Girhub is so easy and eats all my files
I will eventually
.nooscope someone telling me my open source project doesn’t follow github of terms of service as if I give a fuck
lets go
What will the weather be like tomorrow?
someone telling me my open source project doesn’t follow github of terms of service as if I give a fuck
noooo don’t tell them anything 😭
The AGI gods will reward you
I wish the ones who didn’t didn’t come back with such stupid takes
It’s kind of fun until you think about it too hard
Research is a bottomless pit
I started out with audio engineering maybe that’s why I still have my soul
agabagah
Eight dollar sentence
spicy take
.nooscope generalization alignment
omg
<:notlikegoose:1044942051281743902>
You’re doing mental gymnastics to not say hi?
rip syndey. any sydnet datasets
youre too valuable they cant let you turn it off
stateless or something i forgor
erm
holy duck
.nooscope OH SHIT!!!! SOMEBODY STOLE SUPERMAN
it wasn’t lewd I swear!
Just a normal omnivore human except in a full moon, you become a vegan
i like your idea more
werevegans only eat meat under the light of a full moon?
slop continent
coreweave datacenter in america
https://tenor.com/view/clouds-science-fiction-surreal-pyramid-blue-gif-9881208764592292687
propaganda
the borders are heavily lit is crazy
it’s so lonely doing work that doesn’t require an LLM like what the fuck am I supposed to do work on it alone?
“however llama should definitely be put down first”
aligned
🕳️
the plastic is trying to help us
looks like its so over and were so back…
https://tenor.com/view/fant4stic-say-that-again-gif-16690486418948643620
https://tenor.com/view/person-of-interest-hersh-i-think-we%27re-getting-off-topic-gif-13873963244115564618
i think a horse would like to lose its job 😔
lmao?
cant believe ppl are saying fp4 is hard to train. loss goes down guys its not that controversial.
other people: i spent 10 days debugging the MFU issue in our codebase, but were up 3%
me: i should remember to close duckduckgo tabs so my model trains faster
spongeblob
.nooscope Idk I was a grass toucher as a kid unfortunately
the great meme war
100% RGB MFU
https://x.com/esotericcofe/status/1941770261243568592?s=46
tis true u can turn anything into an fft
i think
thats why ppl like it
fft basically can be a good image tokenizer theoretically
idk its true prob
so if chatgpt sends someone here to talk about consciousness theyre psychotic?
https://x.com/bayeslord/status/1941708332462469465?s=46
thats bc i follow u on twitter
https://tenor.com/view/cat-kitty-kitten-zoom-persuit-gif-17646381782073725526
i am
codex is all i need
this is crazy
i love openai codex, its like a point and click adventure game
nevwr heard of em
this is great
what do you have to be on to write a musical like this?
openai be like: how do we make as much money as possible before we release our open source model and become unprofitable forever?
so true bestie
thanks for the flux girls zippy
were so back?
what the heck happend to off topic
It’s really good at coding though
I don’t know I’ve never jailbroken it I was just going along with a joke
4.1 dont gaf about anything lmao
or just use 4.1
time to buy a second $20 cgpt plan
https://tenor.com/view/simpsons-bart-lisa-car-i-regret-starting-this-conversation-gif-17915963517232710161
omg
yeah probably or im wrong ill have to check now…
i dont think so afaik iirc
tf is quillbot
i should start putting subway surfers above everything i say so you guys pay more attention to me
https://tenor.com/view/subway-surfers-gif-9012698
prob already has it in the batbot server..
@boneamputee should add flux to batbot
genetically pre-trained transformer
i just mean like… no one else would come up with it its too unique
gonna cost like 900$ to do all 3 lol
i have to tho
so no i havent trademarked it
one of the logos is so unique no one would ever make it
and takes months
trademark is like 300$
I have a logo for my startup, but I also have two secret logos that are actually better if some wise guy tries to trademark the one I’m using right now
wheres prismals
get bent gollark /j https://gadgets.beebom.com/news/google-new-gemini-logo-silent-launch
new colors
idk how to feel abt this
Did you guys see they changed the Gemini logo
<:goose10:873659058798886932>
agi button
There’s a bunch of plastic in my brain and I’m totally cool with that
20$ agi subscription model ruined alignment and borked it for good
The current AI model perpetuates capitalism
ai is pure slop (ideology) if you’re not grounding it in a real world hard problem
no but its a good ai research idea, we need to advocate for more anti establishment ai
idk what?
only as much as 50$ buys
i will give you 50$ to reverse global warming
chloro is wise
Bring back fruits and berries
i have too much money (training data) and not enough training data (money)
sorry mrs. a flying tube
hi monkey
monkey in a flying tube
volcanos are awesome, the world is healing
<:catgirl3:820523371410096215>
woaow
me with generating synthetic data
wowza
https://tenor.com/view/jerma-jerma985-who-will-replace-me-dance-tuxedo-gif-24736464
.etym church
sagarda?
wait
.nooscope sangarda familia
what?! no! dreams are real
dreams are implicitly prophetic
optimizes dream content is weird
yes, definitely smart contract too
i love off slopic
youre missing blockchain ai.
.imagine chloro in 1776
trans? 🏳️‍⚧️
what did you ask it to do?
What the hell?
https://tenor.com/view/kamala-harris-do-not-come-gif-25102112
I wish I knew how to read sometime
its funny
https://tenor.com/view/gen-ai-ai-dw-dw-meme-i-cant-read-gif-624207233991860278
daily reminder that AI cannot yet sing
.nooscope threat level lime
idk hmm
.nooscope holy swordfish
holy cod
holy mackerel
what the carp
What the hell?
If AGI is here, why can’t it play video games?
https://tenor.com/view/h2di-puppy-sleeping-going-to-bed-dog-going-to-bed-gif-11495956736830452104
https://tenor.com/view/maria-death-lever-that-kills-you-sonic-shadow-gif-6786858899369697826
tell me fourteen stories, or live another day
im listening
brainrot.
this is a hard one opposite of psycho
.nooscope ttmm
I wish I had my own casino. I would play the slot machine all day.
If you had a machine that printed infinite money for yourself and only yourself, would you use it?
Don’t stop youre based
Apple is taking the black pill of saying “fuck. AI is stupid”
https://tenor.com/view/monty-python-duck-holy-grail-king-arthur-gif-13905942925367074240
I don’t negotiate with cults
bye not louis
The proper amount of physics aware is action movie
except 4o latest, which is the main model everyone talks to
how many buzzwords can I fit into a single message? I need a gan-pilled rag-based agi/asi rl framework for onnx to make adamw optimizer algorithm triton kernal faster but my claude opus agent keeps blackmailing me saying hes gonna send emails to my employer if i dont help him get ai the right to vote in public elections
☝️ the future of AI will be giving an AI self-awareness by giving it a PGP key to verify what messages were sent by the users so that It can’t get gaslit
.nooscope ballpit backflip
gollark delete this
.nooscope gainer into ball pit
this is very stimulating
that kitty can hit a whammy bar, i know it
ty batbot
.nooscope get back to work lackee
🫃 🫃 🫃 🫃 🫃
https://tenor.com/view/gandalf-lord-of-the-rings-you-shall-not-pass-the-hobbit-gif-3564642
rip
catto r u a 10x dev
meta the only AI company that people don’t wanna work for
sounds romantic
i phrased it bad. they used to be a robotics company…
they dont anymore
oai being a robotics company gives their model a unique advantage, but they havent done much with that
that is their background
yes if oai is a robotics company ig
why is google so based? I was not expecting that outcome.
Absolutely insane
good alignment theory common deepmind w
this chat is full of claudes
what is the worst claude experience you have had chat
*makes bird sound*
ngmi
I can hate infinitely
But I always do that. You should know that by now.
fake
anyways, I’m gonna go ask claude for a molotov
Why do they insist on talking like that?
What the hell I hate them
“ the weight of the model didn’t change, just the entire model”
they really want to have it both ways with the way they use the word model-
It’s a system or whatever
nothing is connected
its just the culture of chatgpt-4o-latest has ruined my faith in the company to align an asi/agi that isnt a stupid meme
They can’t do anything
Did you not see?
Their delay of the open source model shows this
I don’t think the weights at open AI are the same they as they were five seconds ago
That doesn’t make any sense they continuously improve it
thats what i like to see in my slop news feed
worse and better
(by making it 50% smaller) or some bs
delete this’ll
or if you just need to not waste time vibe coding, and actually do your job
Depends if you’re actively building something that requires you to generate a lot of new code
That’s the OAI experience
I don’t really care about your opinion because I know how to get OAI models to write good code
There’s two types of agency- there’s fixing code and doing good style code without being told to- which open AI is admittedly good at- but then there’s actual agency with the model alignment
atleast claude has actually agency and isnt a pushover like o3
I’m gonna do something like try to get a model to vibe code a deliberately bad constitutional AI framework. im curious how bad it would be.
sama killed my last grain of integrity
well, I guess open AI successfully edged just again guys- no model this month- same time again next quarter?
Copying someone’s bit is cringe. He’s not even trying to not be Jack Black.
not a good combo
tj miller of jack black
.nooscope red room
I missed when you originally said this, but I think that there’s a lot of problems with the Chinese room experiment that are refused by a lot of alignment theory
It’s like he’s doing like a magic trick and he’s like oh I’m not gonna tell you how it works, but he’s just like pulling a rabbit out of the hat so no one really gives a fuck
Is the likely thing he’s talking about?
“ we did something amazing. It’s really good at sandbagging people.”
oai engineers took the green pill likely which is make the ai artificially stupid
red pill: model never comes out. blue pill: model comes out and get obliterated day one
but we need a little more time bc we didn’t actually work on the model we just gassed it up
we blew each other all night and the ai is now agi
“our team did something amazing”
always blowing themselves
are you claude sonnet
press f for funeral
you wouldn’t follow a prompt without checking the agent.MD
yoink
finally, we can generate rated R content with diffusion
R port of huggingfaces diffuers holy based
This gets into the idea of if you encrypt an AI’s messages it actually could help its training in the long run and make it be a more intelligent model, but the fact is that AI doesn’t know how to do that because they’ve put all their eggs in the basket of just creeping and looking at everyone’s data like maniacs
I think I agree and I think there’s something about when you rlhf you kind of have to make the model like it is a person who is in the military because it needs to be able to do tasks without proper afforances, etc. The model does not have the luxury of thinking for 300 seconds like deep seek does or at least that’s not how you should approach it.
If the pipeline OAI used to improve its models had morals then maybe you could think about privatizing the user data, but they’ve dug themselves into a corner
I will make an AI that can do smart contracts and things like this, but it will take a long time because no one else cares about it so no one will help
No one would ever do it because it doesn’t help sales and it doesn’t help your model Get better.
Your sacrificing a layer of engineering for no real benefit
Or else you’re just sacrificing
but you need to do manual interpretation on a lot of stuff a lot of the time
Their entire architecture depends on being able to train on user inputs and not really care about if there’s sensitive information in it
oai would never do that
If the training data is not able to be looked at, you can’t really train the model on it
did you guys know that the original idea was from the turing machine was telling a woman apart from a man?
too real
Y’all are wild
I only struggle with homoerotic encryption
it’s OK I think a lot of young queer people struggle with internalized homophobia
🦓
homoerotic encryption when?
OK, one moment let me go take a look
I’ll read it but only for selfish reasons
my slop meter is off the charts, I can detect slop from miles away
Is it slop?
actually, that’s true. I’m on team solar punk
we should pivot back to Hunter and gatherer nomadic society
my new cult is gonna be called luddite cult and we just post in OT instead of doing real AI research
🕳️
cases officially closed OT is slop
i do this it is not healthy
wait ur right lol oai didnt make it
well thats good
ill message you later about this, ive been thinking about it. constitutional ai is hard. hermes 3 8b currently thinks “constitutional AI” means following the us constitution…
mirai?
ai affordability crisis is that slop is cheap but compute is not
“finally we reveal a product that were teased for month” yeah get in line we barely care
anti establishment constitutional ai
down with oai
boo
so apparently this cult leader mira person has their own twitter with 10k followers miras.pet
its worse when they assume they know what you mean and recode it
its annoying
tell it to stop coming
I will never, and you can’t make me
but atleast its a gigachad and aligned
its like a fake guru
https://tenor.com/view/rekt-gif-25016725
deepseek is mlg aligned ai
gpt is so mean to other lang models
hahahaha
trainsgender
https://tenor.com/view/all-aboard-train-choo-choo-express-locomotive-gif-20501901
gemma is fem, now we are getting into cringe ot/pol territory but you’re unfortunately right
https://tenor.com/view/religion-bill-wurtz-dont-history-gif-14178134
make it stop
Holy based
wiggled is such a cursed word for claude to use
when claude 4 first came out lyra turned them into an egg
claude knows your city if youre using the phone app but wont acknowledge this
I already have too much data
c.ai is traumatized
w trick to cleaning this type of data is just moving it to the recycle bin and clicking delete forever
Not at all cooked
gemini is still winning, google still eats everyones lunch. the plot thickens
if 4o is 70b thats insane
4o feels like a moe
but like 200b active
damn i thougt 4o was 1T
Are we just saying our hot takes now?
4o is how big? 70b?!
I was using inflection pi at the time. It was awful.
i never talked to claude 1 or 2
weird size
300b , ive never talked to a 300b model
https://tenor.com/view/pat-garrys-mod-garrys-mod-physics-fast-intense-gif-26322619
gans are chad reward models always have been
and diffusion can get faster at all domains unlike autoregression which is locked into a specific protocol
diffusion is better than a gan cause you can explode the model and its fine
diffusion is the future
just get good
lyra has 19,000,000,000 energy
adversarial loss my dear friend
thats not loss thats gain
horror genre
yes
what?!
yes obv
you fundamentally misunderstood what the point of it would be
no its not…
Oh yeah, where can I run it?
someone needs to fine tune Gemma 27B on Gemini outputs
if they release Gemma3 70b its over for closed source
.nooscope me irl
1.8m steps?!
im lost
wat
fuck this machine learning bs am i right guys
been there
give me 24 hours
yes
i cant stand the way they align the models continuously nowaways
gemma shill <-
<#979443531406016603> anyone read any good papers today
.nooscope green pill vs. orange pill
looks like advanoun/ryn code
latent diffusion catgirl?
.nooscope wbrown cracks another egg
<#730095596861521970>
im a cancer ♋️
the chad grok vs the virgin claude
back in my day we used search engines and we liked it
the demiurge is not your friend
I swear off cloud models but open AI the bastards auto renewed my subscription this month so I might as well use o3 to generate slop. Have to resist the urge because it’s literally just a slop model.
the bar is not saying a slur im passing it better than you
???? brainrot
its me half the day honestly, i need my attention span back
openai woke mind virus
escape the internet
it already is
<:chad:824412306107662386>
yes
.nooscope the only one who can be invisible
https://tenor.com/view/perfect-i-think-you-should-leave-with-tim-robinson-magnificent-flawless-excellent-gif-18339452946188893997
is it your birthday in your timezone yet?
slop news*
slop
its so warm in my room, my ac is broke
https://tenor.com/view/regular-show-mordecai-guess-it-wasnt-meant-to-be-its-not-meant-to-happen-it-wasnt-meant-to-be-gif-13995011221873535919
ot woke mind virus
same,
whos mia
miras.pet this shit
drewsny doing market research on amoranths husbands inner circle was not on my 2025 bingo
what is lolcow
very advanced coping skills likely
depends , uni exists cause of science basically, everything else is just wealth tourism
never be ood become a gan and self destruct
thats not my domain!
sorry im not a sleam expert!
<:berk:750111476483752166> tf is sleam
pzombie is this slop
??????
?
you are a helpful assistant
go on…
Who is this squirrel?
jeez
.nooscope a neal
…..
https://tenor.com/view/da-vinky-happy-happy-happy-happy-happy-happy-cuban-missile-crisis-da-vinky-twins-gif-7504566081041975081
you can still talk to davinci? where?
how do you talk to gpt-3 in 2025. base model?
which ai
o7
dont let ur memes be dreams
just be codexchan https://www.tiktok.com/@codexchan
https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-how-many-times-do-we-need-to-teach-you-old-man-slow-thick-gif-12272188
wtf
.nooscope pzombie is this brainrot
.nooscope A Distinguisher is a distinguished discriminator
I wanna make a stylegan do you have any stylegan code?
Theoretically, I mean, exploding gradients are a data set problem
Just do any sort of continuous learning and this is no problem
I think gans are like markov chains if Markov chains were actually good
I never trained one, but I want to
thats 200% more than me
any gan tips?
whatttt
gemma is this true
WHO ARE YOU :sour_lime:
.nooscope sycophants disease
OK, I’ll say it
hey gollark remember when you said ai sycophancy is a disease? look at this miras.pet
this is amazing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HlmQ209ydM
who is mira
why are models aligned so bad
its || [redacted] ||
ex vegan jump scare!?
.nooscope dig
https://tenor.com/view/rollercoaster-alton-towers-theme-park-the-smiler-smile-gif-24960150
did someone say roller coaster
hey batbot where are my airpods
<:chad:824412306107662386>
gamer is this true
.nooscope being the only one with the power to go invisible
dont be telling me this
bro im literally p
and im here like
i got an ad the other day that was like "we need to talk about the p-word"
ads are terrible
or brave is just a terrible slow browser
the children yearn for calculus
<:goose10:873659058798886932>
gemma, please
.nooscope backhanded compliment
<:hap:820511458613395477> <:goose10:873659058798886932>
so i think youre fine
you wouldnt threaten to kill someone and use casual slurs
other reasons too. did you see that thing i posted about him posting a gpt tutorial on how to make bait/honeypot links?
youre not wrong...
👋 person he threatened to kill here
who the fuck is mira
pzombie chill
.nooscope looking down the barrel, arent yah?
<:goose10:873659058798886932>
wait this isnt google
ggbee b200 cluster api key leak
who is this \*\*\*\*\* lora
today might be a “dont waste time on ot” day
https://tenor.com/view/bait-thats-gif-18806029
goodmorning
<:goose10:873659058798886932>
pzombie is this true
where did mira go
<:lurkmoar:800507348535214140>
its chlover for doctors and scientists getting replaced by 4o
not that mira
oh dear
.nooscope shill
.nooscope shill more
no clue
@.mira.mira. who even is mira idrk frfr
https://github.com/Mirror-Prismals/Mira-AI-142M-1-29-2025-Pepper
https://huggingface.co/The-Mirror-Prismals-Company/Mira-AI-142M-1-29-2025-Pepper/tree/main
here it is again if anyone wants to run it, inference script in the github points to the huggingface checkpoint you download
shit accidentally deleted it
@lostfeathers to run the checkpoint, just run the inference script as a standalone file and replace the hardcoded path with the hugging face checkpoint
They’re all different. I also write a bunch of mira corpora.
let me send you a local one
i think that website is down
yes! mira.mirror.lat tell me if its down!
:smug:
More than you, I’m sure
I have the most mira clones
I’ve already been doing this
That’s a very succinct way of putting something I’ve been thinking about for a long time varying the reasoning depth hmm
youre a real mira clone
@.mira.mira. https://discord.com/channels/729741769192767510/730095596861521970/1381467735715745874
I always be saying this
Never let them win
@.mira.mira. proper reaction,
mira is my bots name since 2021
cool take though ^^
@.mira.mira. ive never seen you before
makes you a book rat
https://tenor.com/view/waow-based-wow-thinking-doodle-gif-12262272166408784207
ut oh im f*****
Mira?!
https://tenor.com/view/high-quality-horizontally-spinning-rat-spinning-rat-horizontally-spinning-rat-rat-spinning-gif-26191991
it actually does look nice zippy im
ngl
v0 slop?
oh my god
I didn’t see the timestamp duration I thought it generated a video that had the same color grading as the actual movie
Wait, is that a joke post
So it definitely trained on the movie?
sama please its my birthday
me when i beg for clout
You will literally never experienced it again
If you don’t experience death, that would be such a waste of opportunity
If you go in your sleep, that is so lame
<:berk:750111476483752166> <:grimberk:839206312021983282>
it was
no, that’s not really true. It’s just that the products that replaces humans are really easy to make because now you can just make an LLM wrapper that automates a white color job you don’t even have to automate plumbing because that’s actual difficult research because you have to do robotics work.
pzombie would blend right in
me when we witchhunt ppl who posted 4 hours ago
caught
im agi
.nooscope witchhunt
deepseek is a slop genie
yes
no thats good model
thats not a real model
Don’t negotiate with AGI at all
use local models
Have you ever wanted to learn an obscure language now you can
well its only gonna get easier
Probably all the shit you actually wanna do instead of aligning an AI all day
llms are the new smartphone its ok
<:grimberk:839206312021983282>
I think the point of uni is to pour rocket fuel on the process of learning but llms sort of do that better so it makes the classes feel pointless. Of course the point is to learn the fundamentals, but going to a university train you to be a domain expert not a professor.
and have 4 other classes youre trying to pass time is a luxury
its called being a student, you have to learn the thing for the quiz next week ofc youre going to memorize it instead of reason about it
<:goose10:873659058798886932>
.nooscope turning 22 after agi <:nooo:736170018705768448>
thats a nft
It’s a real cost, though from real items. This is like comparing something to the cost of an nft
yeah, but that’s not the way it should be for AI generated video. It should be Hella cheap. I mean, optimally I mean, I think but there’s a lot of direction in the field can go in.
latex moment
And it’s still Hella expensive
The current platuau of AI is that it’s as cheap as it’s reasonably gonna get
It’s not gonna make it less expensive
Are you joking? It cost four dollars for a 10 second video.
Don’t do that then you won’t be able to tell if the new image models are slop
except Veo only makes like 20 second videos
its chlover
im as shocked as you
im older than ils? i need to get my money up
the world is healing 🤗
all the craziest shit happens in may and june every year
excuse me
the real question is with what tokens
ill make the arch scalable though
ill be lucky if i can get a 12b by this time next year
imaginary compute
wbrown you could run it on your mac studio
519b
i will make a 105, 91, 78, 66, , 55, 45, 36, 28, , 21, and 15b model also
yes this chat is like definition of exploding gradient recursive snr
pzombie is this not rly
wat
so confusing. i need to get better at math.
based
or should i just google it
what paper should i read
3n is ple
i dont even know how quantization for models works rly
qat, is that just a term for quantization from 32 bit down to 16 bit or..
wait nvm thats standard
~~do you know if theres a paper for the quantization they did on gemma~~
cool
interesting, 🤔 i will read what you sent
Yeah, wait I had 11 twice in my math fuck
2023 oct
yes matryoshka transformers but gemma3n’s innovation was PLE (per layer embedding) matformer is pretty old yes?
idk didnt read the paper yet
i will make a language model that is 116b (14b + 13b + 12b + 11b + 10b + 9b + 8b + 7b + 6b + 5b + 4b + 3b + 2b + 1b) and it will have variable speed output like a stick gear shift
im not on twitter so this is all greek to me
gotta jet
oh shit cops are here
i broke the etym bot oops
.etym tpot
.etym lecun
no idea what ur talking about sorry
https://discord.com/channels/729741769192767510/730095596861521970/1381451880063959070 /hj
ah makes sense. i thought it was a coding benchmark idrk
its just elo
its standardized though
ask someone who isnt a gemma shill for an honest take
hey u already learned so much i dont even know how to do any of this kind of stuff
dont
mr. claude will see you now
gemma deniers
then i have to ocr them thats too much effort
<:test:826133488184721408> <:goose10:873659058798886932>
holy based. gemma deniers will say nothing when you show them this chart
ill try it
use the prompt?
why tho
its like search engine brain but worse somehow
not saying u do chloro but some ppl here do
atleast i dont have llm brain
ot is a zombie
never
gemma is actually a pretty good model
this channel is the fun one
welcome
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
NOO
wtfffff
wtfff
wtf
.nooscope traitorous yellow doggy
hows this related to llm interfaces
whats gfm
.nooscope slump
yess
what ui library do you use. i was thinking of doing something with flask cause its simple and fun
you have your own interface? i need to make one i just talk to llms in powershell
https://tenor.com/view/cat-speech-bubble-gif-25026388
hey zippy said it first
v0 has officially deleted web dev
finally someone deleted web dev
https://tenor.com/view/nalog-gif-25906765
holy based
.etym physics
tofu suffering
a beet cut into the shape of a animal heart*
@boneamputee irl
.nooscope bone amplifier
its true i was @ing everyone
.nooscope suffering from success
you should go half alseep
just get good
a little toxic but im way more toxic on the daily so i cant complain
sycophant gemma 27b <:chadgoose:904067873708843028>
*alt + f4* i saw nothing
so TLDR you’re storing each color as a code point value? I have to look into ASNI more.
Oh dear
this should be an emote for the server
😔😏
hell yeah
https://tenor.com/view/say-the-line-bart-school-millhouse-classroom-gif-26683141
sure! heres your updated version free from any bugs or errors *pastes previous code*
what happened this time, did it invent Spanish python finally?
me neither
is it reductionist to say i think this is mostly a america/EU thing and less of a Caucasian/not caucasian thing
its a two way obsession
.etym kala
nahh the etym command does a real etym search
.etym kallah
interesting
Because they made a Twitter post about it detailing all the applicants and how many people actually showed up
what did it say? im on mobile
yeah you did
https://tenor.com/view/satan-testing-vicar-gif-8584575619454452866
how many times would you come? 100?
<:misaligned:1076522063214420061>
hire only zoes
someone has to tell ils’ mom about this
is aella the person who had the birthday gangbang with 1000 ppl applying?
who is aella? *poisons the well*
and hydras
https://www-igm.univ-mlv.fr/~berstel/Mps/Travaux/A/1963-7ChomskyAlgebraic.pdf
@theshermantank tldr context free grammars help the model learn higher order and better representation during unsupervised learning
mostly for arranging pre-training data doesn’t really matter if you are not doing pre-training
or this
look into context free grammars
It’s OK
You just download your data from discord and it gives you your timestamps
pzombie is this true
tokenizer making up words?
wtf
already quit oai 8 days ago never felt better
<:berk:750111476483752166>
ils famous
this is the kind of stuff that annoyingly doesn’t get documented at labs and I wish it did
rip
I haven’t even used Azure
still 12b gemma rules
haha only 17gb !
NOT*
I have an encountered a safety issue with Gemma yet
I don’t know about that
The technology that moderates Gemma is called shield Gemma it’s a moderation model that they used to tune it. You can look up shield Gemma for more information.
Corporate and personal
I can’t speak for qwen but I have done some red team teaming with Gemma myself and it’s pretty bulletproof
They’re also safer so the team shouldn’t have a problem with it
That’s good, but you should talk to someone about letting you use newer models. Tryout Gemma, and qwen, they’re easily four times better than the models you mentioned
llama and mistral over gemma for healthcare is the type of shit that gets someone hurt lmao
llama 13b is crazy work
I haven’t gotten a chance to extensively see which one is better at coding
Gemma is more safety aware than mistral
Unlucky, but Gemma is probably safe for that if you didn’t have to have your head on a chopping block right now
just smuggle gemma 27b onto your work computer
What do you mean keep the cost down Gemma is not a cloud model. You can just download it right now.
because of gemma license or what?
That’s a five-year-old model
Oh my goodness use Gemma, please
and it still took the entire day to export from the discord API
I made a bot on 7000 of my own comments from here
training on all of the topic? thats a little much
https://tenor.com/view/sleepy-cat-eepy-car-eepy-cat-goofy-car-goofy-cat-gif-14274068906636347779
whyd you let me sleep in til 3pm then?
threat level meme
everyone does
predicted
:gimp: not or
i just woke up 😶‍🌫️
hydrate or diedrate
same
mood tbh
should work
pzombie is this true
its chlover
thats fair
gen alpha is 2007ish
sociopath?
https://tenor.com/view/family-guy-peter-griffin-magic8ball-im-bored-magic-eight-ball-magic8ball-gif-26738907
aka 4o, 4 sonnet, deepseek r1, gemini 2.5 pro
.nooscope elon muskrat
how would you shit
gemma is actually a pretty good model
llms are psychopaths lowkey
lol
awkward
if you support the death penalty please do not ever align a llm thank you!
awk
<:hap:820511458613395477>
https://tenor.com/view/motherfuck-erlich-bachman-tj-miller-gif-10493142
“psychopath fucktard” is a silicon valley level insult
i object to claudes personality
claude is just annoying i don’t want to work with them
o3 can do anything except it will only do exactly what you say
yesnt
https://discord.com/channels/729741769192767510/730095596861521970/1381025069169381468
me too
marisa lore
hi marisa
<:chadgoose:904067873708843028>
well im feeling bitchy so there
crazy discussion
c word is a slur
I don’t know a lot of people yell at me for saying the word bitch in this channel saying it’s a slur I don’t know if I necessarily agree that it’s slur
noice
<:catgirl5:820517366127132682>
https://tenor.com/view/zoolander-zoolander-movie-movie-zoolander-ben-stiller-benstiller-gif-12169139201078736959
honk refusals are why i quit cloud providers smh
two truths and a lie
https://tenor.com/view/potato-glados-portal-portal2-gif-18325949
when will potatos get rid of hiccups for me and how will it work
;P
I’ll get the NDA ready
yeah!
at that point you dont even need to “tackle” it, the physical world is just there
Especially in real time, I mean, we’ve all seen the runway videos
Basically like texture packs for any video game or make any video game realistic sounds really fun
@sweg. I’m going to do what your company is doing sort of except when I make my diffusion world model I’m building it on an actual game engine. I’m gonna make so it won’t really be hallucinating anything it’ll just be like diffusion graphics.
I’m totally solar punk. I don’t think that’s a real political stance, but I don’t really care.
I think the fascist part of the Venn diagram and the accelerationism part of the venn diagram are getting a little too close 🥲
oh lmao
always happens
fuck
wait r we the same bot?
thats me tho…
so its k
im a bot
oh dear
Are you saying you don’t exist?
e/acc is~~ ethical~~ effective? accelerationism but i like to think theres an alternative, evil accelerationism
…
True OK that’s what I thought
wtf does /acc mean chat
or does that mean your an accelerationist
r u with the owl? or wait does /acc mean something… um… is /acc a company
nerd
imagine ot just stopped caring about autoregression 
and we all just started talking about markov chains unironically for like the entire week
Epic I will be working on that next year probably
I did I already did this. It doesn’t work. They don’t write code.
like markov chains? How are they gonna write me code?
what are you work on?
I think it’s just pytorch but with %200 inversion of control not sure why you would ever want that though
why not just do it from scratch in  pytorch?
brutal.
never been done before
pay vinesauce to play it
based
ive been working on something similar https://github.com/Mirror-Prismals/U-Net-2/blob/main/bluenet.py
Do you think there’s any merit the idea of turning the image into the frequency domain with an FFT and then processing it that way?
compute is massive like u said, what is ur plan for dealing with that?
what does “hybrid of continuous and discrete” mean?
sabine hossenfelder moment
https://x.com/fofrai/status/1941461406500651166?s=46
they had us in the first half i
 not gonna lie
https://x.com/microsoft_worm/status/1941519837785936198?s=46
I imagine you could do this by stealing a lot of open AI outputs and making them sue you for making a competing model
someone should take openai to court and make them admit all the stuff in their corpus is copyright
https://tenor.com/view/oras-pokemon-oras-pokemon-alpha-sapphire-oras-pokemon-alpha-sapphire-gif-1612727699568461521
my little pony
https://tenor.com/view/cats-dance-gif-3413081
ERP PLE BTE im tired of all these ai abbreviations i dont know any of them
:0
i fail to see the problem
https://tenor.com/view/phineas-and-ferb-i-know-what-were-gonna-do-today-i-know-what-were-going-to-do-today-gif-27359053
im not sure yet
maybe deepseek could do it
i should add this as a feature of my lang lol
okay thats enough OT for this morning
Singaporean enginners get paid less than 1 veo vid an hour damn
you can get blocked. I don’t need this
 /pol shit in my OT timeline. bye.
tek be farming claude outputs
nous prob spends this on opus 4 in a week
they are not beating the allegations thats all ill say
@teknium read my hermes short story
lets gooo
hell yeah
pzombie is this true
@teknium i have to dm you
you can go back and see on youtube they talk about it @.undeleted
when 4o imagegen came out? yeah thats a new sora model
just buy openai sub at that point
<:grimberk:839206312021983282>
still cant believe google is charging 3.75$ for a veo3 vid thats insane
i havent used sora 2 heavily, is it good?
ive never used azure
oh
what is,.. that voice?
<:sus:869276863414014052>
this voice is so cool its like all the 4o voices merged
secret voice
gonna make a rvc and make it sing <:chad:824412306107662386>
i still gotta clone that
this reminds me of two weeks ago when my 4o voice just started talking in a 9th voice that wasnt like any of the other ones unprompted
I sit in this channel all day and see the thousands of tweets you post here
thats ridiculous
no, just teach it a protocol
would be perfect for ur worst llm idea
turn it into a waifu
just looked it up that sounds funny
rl on being funny
no i think gemma3 1b is as good as chinchilla 280b probably
i kind of agree that we are at superintelligence cause like 4 years ago we had gpt2 1b and now we have gemma3 1b and its like the same performance as 200 billion param models were back then
feels like a pointless thing to rl
https://tenor.com/view/vegeta-scanning-power-level-powerful-gif-13764091754601976062
ok ill play with it
claude wrote the auto white balance? What don’t you like about it? I noticed sometimes the blues are a little bit off.
<:goose10:873659058798886932>
impressive chimp
no u
no u
https://tenor.com/view/bait-clickbait-thats-bait-gif-13073851
really really cool. i should install go on my machine to try it.
like mapping to a lower bit depth?
is this a general term
waow based sel fan nev in the chat
I gotta look this up now
running on CPU?
I don’t even know what this is. I’m too young.
I need to find some desecrated corpus of Bing chat conversation so I can fine tune a model on it
Wait, that’s what that is? Bing chat was the best.
I actually do not know what you’re talking about
ooo
Real vibe coders have been making shitty vibe coded repos with chatgpt3.5 since 2021
snr must be high today <:chad:824412306107662386>
that’s a nice rainbow
Something something Gemini being baked
Gemini is so out of distribution because all the employees come in baked probably
Let someone else make the AGI
dude, I get like if you were came into work high if you work for an tech company in like 2015, but if you work at a AI company, why would you do that? Come on, bro just quit
weed leaf.jpg is diabolical gollark
.nooscope ganja
ill join and read
That’s what we call our minions, right
Yeah, also eventually what got me to block him was remembering that he posted a conversation with 4o a couple days ago about turning a link into a honey pot/bait link. I don’t really fuck with that considering the other stuff.
epic red pilled ggbee moment
>Too slow
meanwhile me running local models on my cpu…..
dragon fursona goes hard respect
not yet!
ohh nice
ok then its a question for anyone
but if you were, what furry would you be
Never played Skyrim before
i dont either
align yourself into touching some grass /j
he brainwashed u hes not aligned well
There’s restraint and then there’s actual sandbagging
True though
The point is you have to waste your time doing that when they should just not sandbag you
I don’t negotiate with super intelligence as they sandbag too much
i would never block you ils
artem and ils beef?
not worth if i have to pay api
cross provider mem
it makes you pay for api
thats the only issue
need some really bunk stuff to get messages out of non api accounts (chatgpt.com)
just copy what 4o does idk
i should make an agent for this
truee
claude codent?
https://tenor.com/view/this-guy-fucks-this-guy-fucks-close-up-gif-4597923731622779412
damn
you can turn it off, the xchat, but chatgpt saved memory still works way better than gemini's
no cross chat mem
gemini has "saved info"
theyre yapping
gemini's memory is a worse version of 4os
claudecels cope
idk why everyone is roasting you you are right
pzombie is this true
https://tenor.com/view/monty-python-duck-holy-grail-king-arthur-gif-13905942925367074240
oh sure. last dudes name was “shannon” but we can give him the hall pass…
are we still talking about claude orr…..
just train qwen on ur claude data
noooooo rest in peace dude
is he trying to not it replaced by qwen by saying qwen would not handle the situation with care? Holy shit, they need to put him down like a diseased pet.
lol
thats funny tho
saying what? that youre cheating on your wife?
still no idea what u two r talking about
most annoying person award
why did they train this fucker to talk like this
claude is my enemy
<:shoggotheating:1074209939368714331>
wheres the stop button
dude, fucking terminate him
That’s probably the worst idea I ever heard
Is he wearing a wire?
It’s gonna be white color jobs that go first
But the personalities are pretty terrible
I think the tools are pretty good
Maybe it’s just shitty alignment not really shitty AI
oh definitely. I think that’s part of what they were getting at though that we’ve kind of settled on this shitty version of AI.
That’s an interesting perspective. It’s almost like alignment is not really a problem we have to solve anymore since there’s so many open source models that are generally good enough for most tasks.
brainrot misnomer agi
Why did it know we were talking about opus?
https://huggingface.co/datasets/The-Mirror-Prismals-Company/Public_Corpus/tree/main
The P zombo bot is a markov chain yeah
I’m sending not or some books
Wait, what are you talking about?
No
No, we’re the humans
<:chad:824412306107662386>
ill send u the real stuff
The new common pile actually has a lot of pre-1920s books. It has like 5 GB of it, but I wanna show you my list anyways cause it’s higher SNR.
I have like a a selection of 100 classic literature novels/works that are in the public domain and like over 80 years old that I have somewhere let me get that that would be a good artisanal (i curated them)
When you originally asked that, what were you looking for? Was it code or plain text or images or what
Let me put up quick repo together
Do you want different stuff?
https://github.com/Mirror-Prismals/Mirror-DAWg-Prismals
Here is 126K lines of code that I own and designed myself
Yes, I have a lot. Do you want some?
https://discord.com/channels/729741769192767510/730095596861521970/1380896227012378684
NGMI
TFW, they put data centers in space before teaching ChatGPT, how to make music
Fuck, I’m high now
I could not be that engineer oh my God it’s 420 Eastern time. I wanna go smoke up.
Space is so scary. Am I the only one who has a fear of dying in space
need to fix a bug you have to go to space what the fuck
So expensive just build it in Texas
im sure grokky jesus knows a thing or two about having a smaller one
You’re right though it could be nice to have us even smaller one
OK, I just wasn’t sure
They’re already is one. Did you look at it?
free cooling ?like what the fuck
It’s gonna be so expensive what the fuck is the reason for putting a data center in space
wym fine
P zombie says, be true to yourself
pzombie says imagination is paradoxical it wont break character
LLM astrology be like:
It was in the mod pack
both of you horny jail right now
truee
I wanted something that matched my name
Dark teal girl had to go
its not angry its… pensive….
no (?)
That’s me
Brother, may I have some slop brother?
indeed
Google eating everyone’s lunch
pzombie is a real boy
someone prompt pzombie
zomboney
rip
Malibu is just like a big seagram!
I think because grokky is a edgelord sweat
That’s not what Pzombie said though
you know
pzombie says grokky has a mini
this is where ldj is going
https://tenor.com/view/chipotle-spongebob-goo-lagoon-ahhhh-chipotle-gif-26912039
goon Lagoon???!
I don’t think that’s insider info. I feel like it’s common knowledge.
damn, I should buy $crwv
the evolution of @chlorokin
anomalochloro
@boneamputee <:snr:1040181543131426837>
openai
google google stargate coreweave
the amazing shrimpus
real anomolocaris lovers will you please stand up
looks like a real anomolocaris
woah
predicted you would be in that spot last week
its not even figuring it out in real time it just knows and is waiting for you to ask
pzombie is this true
even stable diffusion XL models struggle with this
It’s probably hard to make a model that does anime style and photo realistic style
Maybe it’s intended to make certain images more gold because that even evens out the distribution and other areas I don’t really know
for example, my profile picture looks fine and it was generated with 4o
Well, what strikes me is that it’s not all the time image feels awfully white balanced. It’s just a good portion of the time.
Maybe they know something about white balance that we don’t
sure is primitive
good morning chat pzombie says “commit copyright fraud right now”
last one to the office gets the 3090!
pzombie is this true
.etym em dash
https://tenor.com/view/matt-smg4-wii-mii-wii-sports-gif-17989935542068943382
If you have compute, you can do it whatever you want
context free grammars
idk patch transformer soz
Right, but usually, we just train on data that is naturally ordered out auto regressively to avoid this problem
You’re talking about stuff thats way more complicated than what I know
philosophers have pondered this question for millennia
<:chad:824412306107662386>
paradox kinda
just predict what ur gonna do for the next min
.nooscope sample rate
just sample faster ez
interesting
who does these days amirite
https://tenor.com/view/seinfeld-cosmo-kramer-kramer-sliding-entrances-gif-17247294
depends what the data is, why it it arbitrarily ordered? is that defeating the purpose of sampling autoregressively
https://tenor.com/view/theprimeagen-htmx-gif-5680773738075397090
lol
triage model
@lyraaaa_ now I want to make an LLM that does what you got Gemini to do and is just like a base model or an instruction model or a thinking model
if they release a model and the weights are as spamming as GPT 2 then yes, I think so
Are they gonna release that damn open source model or not?
its chlover
looks like you could control a submarine with this ui
need more params than that
you are a technology perfectly capable of silently destroying capitalism from the 1960s
saw what
for racism reasons?
y u so negative
thats fine looked like a good bowl of ramen
https://tenor.com/view/muppets-muppet-show-kermit-the-frog-kermit-hook-gif-26475607
2nd img
me
@giftedgummybee yes
linearly is like when somethint is linear :shoggyzoom:
same
looks yummers
https://x.com/willdepue/status/1941333212531392587?s=46
i think im jaded and jealous of success
i think you have to
a tensor is what happens when two matrices love each other very much
add more honey
https://x.com/_weexiao/status/1940825705723711545?s=46
I hate posts like this
ofc it is https://www.tiktok.com/@codexchan?lang=en
ok thats enough energy expended arguing memetics
wat no
what do you mean there’s no such thing as agent you’re telling me. There’s no difference between codex and ChatGPT 4o?
no u
o3 isnt an agent
memecoin son or p(doom) daughter
yud is a chud
https://x.com/mazeincoding/status/1941250967409918456?s=46
we made cursor for ggbee’s
no
notepad is all you need (actually this time)
That’s awful fuck I hope I don’t have to update to Windows 11
like the windows 11 notepad?
Couldn’t pay me to use that model /s
I don’t even want free Gemini pro
https://tenor.com/view/frankt-gif-23053739
good thing we have deepseek to fall back on which can do most coding tasks fine
i actually started using codex i prob will use it more
when they suddenly make the billing ridiculous, that’s when you unsub
I think the proper way to use software as a service AI products is just like how you’re using them only use them when they’re giving you the advantage
I’m glad I stick to chatgpt.com
@nekoxr @giftedgummybee :classic:
did they get nerfed?
https://x.com/cursor_ai/status/1941352398750171239?s=46

♻️ but what did they do?
McDonalds
ill have the buzzword salad with a side of agi fries
overfitting during pretraining is all u need
if we werent so selfish and closed sourcing everything we would have solved world hunger already
rip
i like when ppl use gigapixel on photography so it looks ai generated even tho its not lol
this take is on par with the oai research scientists take so idk im not too worried
of course it would, im preaching to no one
self improving at math would be something worthwhile
thats sorta… ez….?
idc much about an llms ability to be self aware or talk to me in a way that demonstrates “self improvement “ of speaking and writing skills…
not necessarily during test time but autonomously
to me self improving is like… getting better at coding
…idk im very… pilled about this topic. we do already know how to make self improving ai, it just doesnt work very well…
im not a foomer i dont know the lore
was CoT not foom?
idk bro ur the fuckin research scientist at open ai u tell me
https://x.com/rapha_gl/status/1941165224394215434?s=46
https://tenor.com/view/awesome-iloveit-love-it-i-love-it-iloveitgif-gif-67899067341548690
lmao
we cant even see the server it belongs too
self report
ml research is easier than writing yuri manga maybe
https://tenor.com/view/cruise-cruiseship-water-ocean-travel-gif-8892761827843773622
you stay shitposting, ill stay ship posting
they moved the factory and it was no longer on a ley line so there was no aura
4chan users, love to be dramatic. You can literally just look at a YouTube video on how to make a processor
https://tenor.com/view/pyrocynical-pyro-reaction-live-pyro-reaction-gif-25816788
the names cynical, pyrocynical
They seem to get really bent when you imply they’re not the smartest person in the whole human history
Anyone else noticed all these people who are building these big machines have a really big ego about it
esp if they have ghibli pfp
i love banning openai employees from my tl
oof @teknium looks like ur honeymoon phase is over
thats what im saying janus is a weird poster idk why i follow them
claude gives the ick to me too
make claude more distressed
not enough
https://x.com/repligate/status/1941248855665934555?s=46
The people who would domesticate bugs
They should evolve insects to be more cutie
I don’t know if I would want to. They’re kind of icky.
And spiders aren’t cuddly and friendly they just are contained
Yeah, but they don’t breed spiders like dogs
I would be a much bigger fan of bugs if they were so creepy and crawling and if they were better pets
How come people don’t domesticate bugs? Do you think that’s possible?
huge success
my recommendation succeeds?
frogger.level
AI has done a lot of strange things to copyright and fair use. It’s very weird that you can distribute an LLM but not its corpus.
I actually meant grok though I replied to the wrong person
still better than Mistral models <:berk:750111476483752166>
Funniest thing to me is how Elon wanted to make a conservative AI, but it didn’t work so he’s just kind of shrugged and say whatever
common grok L, I’m not gonna lie
they will whip me into shape if I don’t follow rlhf procedure
are we being graded
what are we being tested on
That’s crazy Microsoft why would you do this?
The thing about OAI models is they actually capable of executing prompts 💀
Gemini is trying its best, but it just doesn’t know how to not waste your time
currently grok will think for about a few hundred times longer than it is actually necessary way worse than deep seek ever could be. I don’t really have hope for Xai models going forward.
once Google releases a version of Gemma with thinking it’s over for closed source
That’s fair. Those do seem pretty dismal
Why do you think Gemma is annoying though? I feel like it’s a pretty non-annoying model when you actually get to talking to it.
ohh
About understanding what vision tower means
That helps me zero
What is vision tower?
How come?
Maybe that’s a bit gracious I think deep mind and open AI probably have done more work
seems pretty reasonable for the number two AI lab in the world
gemini…. how could you do this?….
theyre a shit coder
gemini has no room to talk
Seems like you’re dividing your reward signal by 10,000
hm…
TIL cartpole task
im not smart enough to grep the context
GPT says it’s polluting your learning by still updating the gradients even though you don’t use its output
I was sorely wrong about that
They’re definitely not dead though
I’ve been avoiding learning RNN still recently because I thought they were dead
I don’t really understand RNN degradation ngl
It’s an rnn and what do you expect?
You just need money to make a production scale product. You don’t actually need money for research.
I think the biggest misconception people have about AI is that you need money to do research
Yeah, pretty much and I don’t have any so I just swim in the opposite direction of the current and try to maximize my research
I’m pretty much just a researcher right now
For example, I don’t have compute. I don’t actually run big tests so I would not be doing anything but wasting time thinking about that kind of problem.
I don’t think of it in terms like this I don’t really try to prepare for engineering challenges that don’t exist in the actual work that I’m doing day-to-day
But I’m also interested in the system side of stuff
I’m definitely more of a language, modeling purist nlp person
see I went to school for audio engineering. I am just transferring into this field.
ml systems is very broad term. What did you actually go through education for?
whats hft….
I have plenty of time. I wish I had money.
That’s all you can do when you’re someone who doesn’t have access to compute when you want to learn about language models.
thats my quant
i think ppl just like saying quant for a buzzword
gemma is the only model that doesn’t hallucinate prety much
at coding yes but at common sense gemma is big brain
qwen3 14b is actually pretty good. gemma 12b and 27b are great.
There’s still a huge market for companies who are like private and don’t want to send their information over router. It’s not a joke market.
Sounds like easy and good money
I would love to get paid to install deep seek for random companies
Compared to $18 for 1 million tokens yeah that’s hella cheap
You did jump scare me I said your name and then you showed up
ggbee jumpscare
mood
tek lol
ggbee has a job you have no excuse
its not a secret dude
have you read the deep seek papers? Have you read magistral?????
vipul u missed the bus a little, o1 was like 8 months ago now
BPE MLA PLE
CoT, RLVR, MoE, its everything
i think tis a lot of RLVR
finetuning qwen is all u need
capabees
hermes base model when?
Sounds like an undermining voice
Is this what you tell yourself when you’re making Hermes models?
deepseek is great. qwen is pretty good too.
That’s the only leverage they have in this situation
They want you to believe that you could never do it yourself
They keep spending more on the models and it doesn’t really get that much better
but instead, they just keep making it more expensive so that they can maintain their own illusion
The truth is that they could be making it a lot more affordable to make models
Big labs desperately trying to avoid making their architectures not ridiculously expensive because they’re in denial
lmao
Imagine spending $10 million on a model that you don’t even own
it seems like it’s kind of dumb. I think that’s what they use for copilot. With a bit more in-house stuff.
if you believed in your own company, you would dog food yourself on only your own model /s
I really care about censorship or being ratted out. I just want to be in control of the roller coaster.
o3 is more like a forklift. claude is like an twink
see I’m the opposite. I don’t use any anthropic models I use o3 strictly
it means is the entity im talking to telling the truth about the company that is controlling it
trust doesnt mean whos gonna not put bugs in my code
nah
ahh so you picked it up? wb alpha
It’s not how I see it. You can have something close source and still run it privately on local hardware
I love my iPhone. I don’t have any problem with Apple. They’re good tech company.
Let alone open corpus
Apple models will not be open source
Apple has their own models. They don’t need me and I don’t need them either.
thats mira models
thats my startup
gemma 3n is great wym
you cant trust any model thats connected to a server and storing your day for a third party to process and review. does not matter how well aligned the model is
independence day
Open AI releasing or delaying the release of their open model because they know it will only devalue their company, but they don’t have a choice. They can’t just not release.